In Trading Places (1983, Akroyd/Murphy) how does the scheme at the end of the movie work? Why would buying a lot of OJ at a high price ruin the Duke Brothers?
What causes the trail behind jets at high altitude?
babies crying pre-sedentary/having shelters if it would technically be a death sentence attracting predators in nature
Do animals know they're going to die?
Does marijuana impair driving ability?
What caused racial division and discrimination between Hutus and Tutsis in Rwanda?
Why do we use an tiered income tax system, instead of something more precise (like an integral-based tax)?
How are companies like Snapchat and Tinder, worth anything when most people don't pay to use them?
What determines whether or not someone is a naturally good singer?
Why wouldn't life on another habitable planet look similar to Earth's?
Why is Google Fibre taking so long to roll out?
as someone from the UK, I have no idea why obamacare has been getting so much hate. explain.
Why is a 1 degree temperature difference in climate such a big deal?
What makes a feature film look different than regular video recording?
Why can I fall asleep in noisy environments (school lectures, public transport, cinemas, etc) but an even lesser amount of noise can disturb my sleep when I'm in bed?
Is time travel possible??
Why every car I've driven only has the defrost option set to "defrost the windshield" or "defrost the windshield and blow on feet."
Why can there never be true randomness?
Why does alcohol leave such a recognizable smell on your breath when non-alcoholic drinks, like Coke, don't?
How would someone who is fit be affected if they literally ate complete Junk food for one day?
what the Right to Repair fight is about with Apple?
Okay, so does Free Software Foundation just expect us to give everything away for free? How do you make money on free software?
Why do lower-income folk work multiple jobs to support themselves rather than work more hours at a single job?
what is happening in Mali and what do Germany and France have to do with it?
How could the 'Butterfly Effect' literally work?
Why does every steam game I install need to install it's own copy of directx?
Why don't large dogs consider small dogs prey, but they consider cats prey?
what does the Pope actually do?
Why is it that as we get older, we are able to handle eating hotter foods
Could someone medically unable to feel pain have surgery done without anaethesia?
Sam Harris' argument that we do not truly have free will.
The hate of Nickleback
How and why is sushi safe to eat?
Everyday girls/women have photos "leaked" onto the internet without their consent. Why does it become an FBI concern when the woman happens to be an actress?
What exactly is time?
how was the first prpgramming language invented? What was the name of the language?
Why does chemotherapy work if it's basically just pumping poison into your body? Why don't we often die from that poison?
If heat is one of the most abundant energy sources, how come we don't have an efficient way of harnessing it yet?
Mars' atmosphere is 95% carbon dioxide. Could we plant trees to help convert it to oxygen and try to make it a habitable planet?
Are there any actual laws against false advertisement?
What's the science behind waking up in the middle of the night after only a few hours of sleep feeling rested, only to get a full eight and wake up tired?
Why were olde time punishments for relatively minor crimes so severe? Was death for crimes such as stealing not considered to be a tad harsh?
Why are some animals' flesh (beef, salmon, etc.) fine to eat raw, whilst others (chicken, pork, etc.) cause food poisoning?
Why do we use gas, electricity, and chemical injections for executions when a noose and firing squads are proven effective and **WAY** cheaper?
Why don't we inhale close to (or all of) our lung's capacity worth of air when we breathe naturally?
What is a lawyer supposed to do when defending a person who is obviously guilty of a crime?
The history of Canada
How does the rear view mirror work after flipping it up at night?
How are old films and photograph's, that are old, grainy and captured on film, restored to 1080p HD?
Why do we still have car lighters instead of regular electricity plugs
what Tor is, and why everyone praises it as the king of proxies.
Why sheep are symbol of innocence, while goats are symbol of the devil?
Why do some cities have a distinguishable accent while others don't?
Whats the big deal with the new AMD Ryzen CPU?
What is the story behind the Bundy vs. BLM standoff?
Do clip-on mosquito repellents work? If so, how?
With all the lawsuits going around where companies can't be sexist when hiring employees how is hooters able to only hire big breasted women
Why doesn't the West openly say the Russian military is fighting in Ukraine?
Why my internet speed says 185 mbps on speedtest, but youtube videos still lag and take a long time to load.
What is it like to have a sense of smell?
Why are we so worried about a water shortage when there is plenty of ocean water? Why don't we just filter the salt out?
Why are prescription drug advertisements necessary?
How do computers choose "random" numbers?
The US spends more money than any other country on education. Why does the US continue to lag behind other developed countries in spite of our (more than generous) education budget?
Why do dams have a massive ramp when releasing overflow water?
Can alcoholism actually be "passed down" from an addicted parent, or is it just a sorry excuse people use to keep being alcoholic?
Do different types of hard alcohols, say vodka vs. tequila, truly affect your mood in different ways? If so, why?
If someone leaked the entirety of windows source code, would people be able to incorporate it into other operating systems in a way that allows windows applications and libraries to be used?
What is a karat? How does it differ from diamonds to gold?
Published papers in science
How can ESPN copy and paste a reddit AMA and profit off it by calling it an article while I'd get in trouble for doing the same thing for a school paper?
Why people have birth marks.
What prime numbers are and why they're important
Mulholland Drive (film)
Why do some Muslims get offended about pictures of Mohammad?
Why are human eyes usually blue, brown or green as opposed to any other colors?
Why haven't we made ski boots that don't hurt yet?
why don't babies have wrinkly skin when they are born, considering they spend 9 months in fluids?
If corporations are legal "persons", why are they taxed at a special corporate tax rate, instead of the (usually) higher income tax rate?
Why do commentators/voice actors from old footage from the 40s 50s and 60s sound so different than reporters' voices today?
How is it legal for Hershey's to block Cadbury's chocolate from entering the US?
Why are eye colors only blue, green or brown and not other colors like purple, orange or yellow?
Why isn't getting checked for cancerous tumors, or tumors in general, a routine process?
How do icy-hot gels work?
Ok. Now we know that there is water on mars, what does this mean for the future and how can we benefit from this discovery? Can humans live on mars?
Why do I feel a tingling feeling in my genitals when I feel I think about falling from a really high place? Like a sky scraper.
Why do fight scenes in older movies look so fake compared to newer movies? Isn't it just choreography? Not CGI (mostly).
Why do I avoid going to bed at night, almost like I'm procrastinating sleep.
- Why is it that can some countries can have nuclear weapons while others can't, and who gets to decide?
Why are passwords shorter than 8 characters easy to crack? (According to Snowden)
Why is it that the constant orbit of electrons around the nucleus of an atom is not classed as an example of perpetual motion?
why is California shutting down its last nuclear power plant, I thought nuclear power was a good thing?
What would NASA(or equivalent) do if an astronaut refused to come back down from the space station?
If there is water on Mars, why can’t one of the rovers be directed to the suspected source and simply confirm or deny speculations?
How do music royalties work? Does a composer get a check every week or month for life? And typically how much for a hit song?
Why the name Richard is shortened into Dick?
How did a 32 year old Martin Shkreli get to have so much power at such a young age?
How is a vending machine able to know the differences of how much a bill is? (like 1's, 5's, etc)?
Insane Clown Posse
Given that polar bears have existed 600,000 years, they must have gone through periods warmer than today (prior to and after the ice age) and somehow survived. But today they are on the endangered species list due to expected climate changes. Are they really in danger?
How is Wikipedia considered a reputable source when no academic instructor will accept it as one?
why did cars used to have their engines in the back, then with more modern cars the engine was moved to the front, then with some sports cars the engine is in the back again?
What feminists mean when they say "empower women" and how "empowering women" will lower rape rates.
Why can't alcohol commercials actually show anyone drinking the product?
If a person knew no form of language, written or spoken, what would the thoughts be like in their head?
Why does the secret service ALWAYS wear suits regardless of weather when out w/ the president?
why do people often wake up when the TV is turned off, even though the room becomes darker and more quiet?
How is 'planned-obsolescence' built into Smartphones?
Why do many people in the US opose to free universal things like health and education?
Ted Cruz is staunchly anti-Obamacare. Why is he signing up for Obamacare then?
Psychologically and physically. What is the difference between water boarding and dunking someone's head in a bucket of water?
Why is morning breath so rank, when it doesn't get that bad during the day?
why some import cars, such as the Nissan R34 Skyline is illegal to own or so hard to get in America?
Why is it when I'm somewhere like the mall or other public place you sometimes see people wearing surgical mask?
Why does everyone hate the sound of their own recorded voice?
Why is the French Revolution considered more important than the American one in world history when it came later and had many of the same themes?
Is Math considered an invention or a discovery by mathematicians and scientists?
Why do parents seem to stay the same age for long periods of time to their kids? I thought my mom was 45 for several years at one point.
what happens to all of the atoms in our body when we die?
If "tying arrangments" are illegal, how can universities force me to pay for and take elective courses that are completely unrelated to the major I am pursuing?
What prevents online test takers from just googling the answer?
Shouldnt the sun be orbiting something else?
Parallel was faster than serial, why isn't there an UPB - "Universal Parallel Bus"?
If the President committed a murder in his bedroom and the secret service came and saw it would they legally be obligated to arrest him or still have to do whatever he says?
Can You Protect Electronics From EMPs/solar flares? If So How?
When you drink a significantly larger amount of liquid than the average bladder can hold, what does the body do with surplus until it's time to let it go?
Why isn't the Westboro Baptist Church considered a hate group in the U.S. and has all the legal benefits of a religion?
What makes up the "old lady" smell in perfumes/powdered cosmetics?
Why are people so paranoid about government surveillance or surveillance in general?
how does hypnosis work? Does a person who is easily hypnotized not have as much of a powerful brain as someone who isn't able to be hypnotized as easy or at all?
Do old psychology experiments need to be performed again in the modern day or are their results still just a valid now as they were then, even with progress in the field?
How were they able to increase the speed of USB 2.0 40 times compared to USB 1.1. It's using exactly the same connector with the same 4 wires and the same shielding.
Can someone explain the controversy over male circumcision?
What operating system does Microsoft use to make their new Operating Systems?
Why is the name "Sean" pronounced like "Shawn" when there's no letter H in it?
why are most cars front-wheel drive, but motorcycles and bikes are rear-wheel drive?
How certain people can eat any and everything and not get fat?
Why is Human Resources (HR) not an independent and objective unit reporting directly to Board (like Internal Audit), in order to be Pro-employee instead of Pro-company
Why do football players have water boys squirt water into their mouths? Why don't they drink from a water bottle on their own?
How can people doubt huge moments in history, like the holocaust or men landing on the moon?
Writing in the passive voice is something I like to do ELI5: Why is it such a bad thing?
What factors consistently make Iceland, Denmark, Austria the most peaceful countries on earth?
If "we" are going to Mars soon, why do we mind so much that the Rovers (etc) do not "contaminate" the planet?
Why can't batteries be recharged infinite times?
How come NYC (latitude=40°) gets covered in snow during winter whereas Melbourne (latitude=-38°) never really gets much?
Why do Aboriginal Australians have it worse of than other natives people in developed countries?
Why do semi trucks leave behind huge chunks of tires on the road?
How does a smoker feel, when wants to smoke, but doesn't have a cigarette
Why is the general Xbox One reveal feedback negative?
The semicolon, when to use it and why it matters.
Kim Davis, Rowan County, Kentucky who is refusing to issue gay marriage licenses
There is no archeological evidence that dragons ever existed. So, if they're simply imagined, how is it that they're present in almost every major culture and depicted so similarly?
Why are people often ridiculed for buying $5 lattes but not for buying $5 beers?
What was the difference between the socialism of Nazi Germany and the socialism of the Soviet Union?
I've heard that you can easily learn a foreign language if you watch foreign language tv. So if I watch tv in spanish, will I learn spanish? How does this work without subtitles?
How is pure mathematics researched?
Why didn't the European settlers die of diseases that the Indians had like the Indians died of European diseases?
when my phone is connected to my cars audio system via Bluetooth, how does the person talking not hear themself through my speakers?
Why is it that "preemptive strikes" were so important in the middle east but now that N. Korea has been shown to be a threat and actively threatening the US, the US doesn't enact a preemptive strike?
Can Someone Explain What Is Going On With The Refugee Crisis In The Middle East and Europe?
How do I know the color "red" I see is the same hue "red" everyone else (barring CB individuals) sees?
What is shock? what does it mean when your body goes into a state of shock?
If I fill a vessel with 1/2 oil 1/2 water will the oil covering the water prevent evaporation?
Why do my eyes turn bloodshot red after smoking cannabis ?
How does China artificially keep its currency cheap?
Would a pizzeria owned by a gay couple be legally mandated to cater an event hosted by the Westboro Baptist Church?
If tears are a natural lubricant, why do our eyes sting so badly after crying?
What does it mean if you get more than one life sentence?
Why are some animals tasty and some not? Would we be tasty if prepared properly?
What is meant by the phrase "Nice guys finish last"?
What (Who?) Exactly Defines a Reliable News Source?
how the pyramids were built, and why there are conspiracy theories about it.
how come when you mess up really badly, you feel weird and "sick to your stomach"
How did American high schools end up being very sports-oriented?
Why doesn't a phone with its ringer set as 'vibrate', eventually destroy the mechanisms inside working it?
why America is so obsessed with its founding father's views
What's the deal with reddit's obsession with graphene?
Why are most major religions right-wing, when their central figures are left-wing?
How do people create these amazingly looking space/Milky Way photos? I can barely see a few stars in the nights sky.
Why do objects floating in liquid are always attracted to the walls of the container?
Why is it that some pregancies are described as the best overall feeling a woman has ever, and for other women, the worst they have ever felt? Why is it great for some and terrible for others?
Why does a new pair of glasses temporarily distort your depth perception? What causes this?
Why did Titanic become famous? Isn't it just a shipwreck like the many others?
Why do towels that feel so rough on the skin dry you so much better, but towels that feel soft don t dry well at all?
How much do we sweat during and after taking a hot shower/bath? How clean are we really once we step out?
Why do babies and toddlers love other babies (including dolls) so much?
Why are really fucked up hateful subreddits allowed to exist?
why are most calico cats female?
Why Does Nothing Seem to Change in Africa?
Why do computer applications sometimes freeze up to the point where you can't even click within or exit the application?
When the wifi is super slow why does restarting router magically fix it?
What are surveyors doing when I see them looking through that tripod?
Why isn't the horror genre as respected as other film genres?
Why does using data on phones cost so much money?
When we say that solar power is not (yet) efficient, what exactly do we mean?
Why was domestic violence decriminalized in Russia ?
How did a small country like Japan occupy a vast country like China, while still projecting power elsewhere, during the buildup to WW2?
How did Ireland export food during a famine without the people revolting?
Why are user names not case sensitive?
Why is there any controversy involving drones?
How are refugees vetted?
What are the benefits of marriage in the U.S.?
Due to Time Dialation, are there places in the Cosmos where the Universe is only minutes old instead of 14 billion years?
What is being transgender, and how can there be more than two genders?
What would happen if the US govt cut all foreign aid?
I am living in a building where we are several students with one room each and we share a kitchen. How is it possible that all our keys to our rooms fit the lock to the kitchen, but not the other student's rooms?
Why do some people find GMO controversial when farmers have been modifying crops for centuries?
Why is it a ticketable offense to ride in a car without seatbelts on yet a motorcyclist that faces the same risks with less protection doesn't have to worry with such restraints?
Why are there so few venomous creatures in the UK and Northern Europe?
Why are there so many more poisonous/venomous animals in Australia than the rest of the world?
Can blind people see their thoughts?
Why doesn't our moon have an actual name?
Why is fear of clowns such a common phobia?
Why cant you (legally?) have OSX on a PC, but can have Windows on a Mac?
The psychology behind why some people are so attractive that they are unattractive?
If the blue pigment is so uncommon in nature, where did we get the pigment to create paints in times such as the Renaissance
Why do pain killers such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen help with fevers as well?
why are some peppers so hot that they require people to use gloves when handling/eating/cooking with them, yet those same peppers are safe for us to eat?
Why are some watches so expensive?
How does apps like whatsapp get profit, even when they don't have advertisment?
My eyes are red from allergies. Rubbing them makes it worse but it feels oh so good. Why?
How do automatic guns deal with the heat that would be created from the friction of so many bullets passing through the barrel so quickly?
Quantum mechanics vs. standard particle physics.
How is the camera not visible in the mirror when there is a shot of the character looking in the mirror?
If the golden rule of the stock market is to buy when low, sell when high, who is doing it the other way around?
why do the touch screens of some mobile phones only work with the finger. They dont work with a pen or anything else. Why so?
Why are most eastern religions more accepting?
How was the first Computer/Chip programmed, without anything to program it with?
Why is healthcare linked to employment, as opposed to rent or a mortgage, etc...?
How can thieves sell one-of-a-kind items like art and rare artifacts.
What is the true difference between Crackers/hackers and Script Kiddies?
How do hundreds of animators work together on the same project file when making a big budget animated movie?
How did early highway builders know if they were building their roads in the right direction/angle?
How come the human body can protect you from chickenpox and other diseases after you have it only the once! But i get the flu maybe 4 times a year and i just feel its getting worse every time
What about touching grass with your bare skin makes it so itchy?
What happens to your account on sites like Facebook, reddit, twitter, youtube, linkedIn when you die?
What are those 'inside itches' we can't scratch?
How did America get so insanely WEALTHY? I looked up GDPs by country and the U.S. is no. 1 at 18 and a half TRILLION dollars
How are speed limits enforced by aircraft?
Can a sufficiently rich person park in "no parking" spaces and just keep paying the fines?
Allergy medicine. Since it is an anti-histemine, does it not suppress the immune system? Is it easier to catch things like influenza or the cold while on allergy medicine?
Why does April Fools' Day end after midday?
Why are women athlete outfits far more revealing than those of men?
Is there some sort of YKK zipper monopoly?
What would happen if you were exposed to the vacuum of space while wearing a sealed helmet and air supply, but with no suit to cover the rest of your body?
How stock trading works/worked? I've only seen it in movies so I'm wondering why these people were always just screaming and waving pieces of paper around and call it a job.
Why is marijuana "impossible" to overdose on?
How come in Elementary school, we are taught that the Primary Colors are red, blue, and yellow, but in High School Physics, we're taught the Primary colors are red, blue, and green?
We've all seen optical illusions, but are there tactile illusions, olfactory illusions or audio illusions?
How can there be a lowest possible temperature(-273K)? Why can't we go lower?
Why are Monsanto considered to be evil?
How do you know something is done/said by Anonymous, when they are, by definition, anonymous? Can anyone do stuff/say things on behalf of Abobynous, or do they somehow have a recognized leadership who are not anonymous to each other/their members?
Why does my dog bark at door bell noises from the tv when we don't even have a door bell.
File names. Why can't Microsoft Office save or open files that have slashes or colons in their names?
Why can't we tickle ourselves?
On most standardized tests, why is it so important that we specifically use a #2 pencil?
How pizza delivery became a thing, when no other restaurants really offered hot food deliveries like that.
Why can't dentists just paint a clear coat on your teeth to prevent cavities, enamel wear, etc?
Why do Britain and other English empire countries still bow to monarchs? What real purpose does the queen serve?
If pimples and zits are caused by clogged pores around the body, then why don't we get them on our hands?
Why are universities horizontal buildings and not towers?
How did this person get in to my iphone?
Drinking or taking drugs "to feel normal".
How to appreciate abstract modern art.
Why would anyone try a very addictive/harmful drug like meth or heroin for the first time?
For over a year I've been reading about California being in the midst of an insane, unprecedented drought, but it seems like all the cities there are doing just fine. Where's their water coming from if things are so bad?
Why do you not feel like you're going fast while in an airplane, when in fact you're traveling 600+ MPH?
Why do some diets (like Paleo) say beans are unhealthy, toxic or have "antinutrients"? Are there toxins or antinutrients in cooked beans?
how can a steak be matured for 28 days, but have an expiration date of 3 days when on the store shelf
Why can't we just breed more bees until there are enough to sustain the population?
Why are a significant amount of the best opera singers fat?
With all the wireless technologies we use (Wi-fi, satellites, cellphone towers etc), isn't it a concern that it might get "congested" and cause the tech to fail?
The warm weather in eastern North America
Do people who learn to speak a second language think in that language as well as there original?
Why are we STILL discovering Egyptian pyramids, shouldn't these giant structures all be discovered by now?
With the number of deaths it causes each year, how are alcohol advertisements not illegal like cigarettes?
Is intelligence genetic? Are some people genetically predisposed to be better at things like math and arts?
Do Astronauts at the ISS get "private" time?
Why did the Germans put those barricades on the beaches for the D-Day strikes? Wouldn't it have been better to have left the beach with as little cover as possible for the allied troops landing?
If I have 'high blood pressure', why can't I just cut myself a little to reduce the pressure?
Why are humans diurnal?
What is the purpose of the mesh lining inside swim trunks?
Why is a slice of pickle usually served on the side with sandwiches at restaurants?
How exactly does shopping at small independent stores help the local economy?
How do cemeteries continue to pay the bills after there are no more plots left to sell?
Is there any advantage to suburban neighborhoods being twisty labyrinths of cul de sacs?
Why is it illegal for news programs and and other major media sources to show people's faces without having consent, but it's perfectly legal for papparazzi and tabloids to print and sell candid photos of celebrities?
Why haven't we found a way to restore enamel on our teeth?
I would have a difficult time describing my wife's face even though I see it every day. How can someone describe the face of a criminal suspect they only saw for a moment?
Why does it feel almost required to sleep with our eyes closed? What does closing our eyes do that promotes the act of falling asleep?
Why do we need legal recognition of marriage? What will be the result if state stops recognizing ALL marriages?
If a star is 5 million light years away, then are we looking into the past?
Why do some vegetarians sight morals reasons for not eating meat/animals when animals eating other animals has persisted throughout history?
why does it take 30 mins for my dogs bloodwork to come back yet mine takes 24 hours?
Why does Afghanistan seem to be a hotbed for Islamic extremism while neighboring countries like Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan have remained relatively unaffected by similar unrest?
How did we learn to translate hieroglyphs?
What do Germans think of Adolf Hitler?
What is eczema and why is it only in small areas of skin only? Why do only certain people get it?
Why do US '18 Wheelers' and EU 'lorries' look so different?
Why do most schools all across the world teach English? Why is it valued so much?
How do “they” determine how many calories are in something?
Why do maps always start with North America on the left and end with Asia on the right?
Why are some round, flat things called "disks" while other round flat things are "discs"?
What is the story behind American cup sizes in cooking?
How did all the early humans not die of malnutrition?
Why aren't there seatbelts in public busses?
why is the Nazi flag taboo, but Confederate flag "culture"?
Why doesn't the US have a freeway system like the Autobahn?
Why is New Zealand the 'freest' country?
What is a tilde (~) used for, and why have people started to use it at the end of sentences, particularly teenagers?
why (some) Americans hate Obamacare?
Why can I not plug a double ended USB into 2 laptops and just transfer files across?
is marijuana smoke just as damaging to your lungs as cigarettes, and if so, why isn't there a movement against it as well?
If nuclear energy is so efficient, green and is incredibly safe nowadays, why haven't we constructed any more power plants?
If Communism promotes social equality, why is there such a big poverty gap in China?
What's so bad about Apple Maps?
What happens to your body when you stay up for more that 24 hours
What is the reason for different regions in regards to DVDs?
Do you have a higher chance of winning the lottery if you place your bets based on the last 60 years of drawn numbers?
Coriolis effect
how people woke up on time before alarm clocks
How is the Earth's core still hot 4.5 billion years into its existence?
why is it safe to dry age beef, but unsafe to keep supermarket beef in the fridge for more than a few days?
How is it that the human brain/body sometimes wakes up seconds before an alarm goes off?!
Why are Hiroshima and Nagasaki both inhabitable but not Chernobyl?
why do bank transfers take days if they are 100% electronic?
Study of large viruses hint at 4th domain of life. What does this mean? What is a domain of life?
Why don't airplanes broadcast their exact GPS coordinates continously to some central authority who records them so that they can be easily found if they crash?
Why is the racial makeup of American professional sports team disproportionate to the rest of the population? (ie a more even balance of white and minority players)
why do we feel warm and go red when we are embarrassed?
How did Christianity get such a strong foothold in Korea?
How is it that water at the bottom of the oceans doesn't freeze, if it's colder at depth? Why is it that water freezes downwards in large bodies of water?
Why do people kiss?
Given the fire in Fort Mcmurray; how will insurance companies handle paying out thousands of homes and vehicles at once, without going bankrupt?
Why is trans considered part of LGBT? Lgb are sexualities. T is an identity. Why do they get bundled?
Why does the ripping of the skin near the thumb's nail hurt more than any other part of the body and case inflammation more often?
How did most (all?) regions of the world develop/adopt the same system of measurement for time?
what do military medals (purple heart, medal of honor, various service crosses) actually do for you after you are discharged?
How is it possible to have 0ms of ping?
Why are acids commonly portrayed as green in video games?
How Come Non-Suicidal People Sometimes Get the Urge to Jump In Front of a Bus?
How do we know that our translations of hieroglyphics are correct?
Why do people say teachers are underpaid when a high school teacher makes a median salary of 56,356?
Why does the United States use closed-source, partisan-built, "faith based" voting machines that people are just supposed to trust aren't compromised?
Why is (what we generally consider) tasty food mostly not healthy? I do understand that our ancestors needed a good amount of fat and calories to keep their body reliant activities going, but why didn't we adapt to consider low-calorie food tasty, better for our current calories intake needs?
How is it possible for a nap as short as 15-20 minutes to significantly boost our alertness for the rest of the day? Especially considering the fact that it doesn't involve a deep sleep stage?
Why is it okay for companies to fire employees on the spot but it is recommended/respected when employees give the company a 2 weeks notice?
How our phones, iPods, laptops and other devices know the exact percentage of battery remaining.
Why does salt water help your gums heal after a deep periodontal cleaning?
Why do manufacturers make different types of screw heads?
Can somebody just explain "infinity" to me?
How do you sail into the wind?
Why can some people function fine with only a few hours of sleep each night, whilst others need a full night's sleep (8-12h) to feel adequately tested?
How do shows like the Walking Dead get such realistic backgrounds of places. (City, towns etc..)
Why cursive writing exists and why we still use it today
How do Germany regain its strength and standing in the global community so "quickly" after starting two world wars?
why is cranberry juice good for your kidneys?
How do cotton candy machines work?
Why are U.S. Health Insurance Prices so High?
Why does working a muscle to exhaustion with low weight and high volume vs high weight and low volume yield different results?
Why are surgeries and operations usually held in early mornings?
Why shows like Game of Thrones can pump out 10 60 minute episodes in a year, but movies take 2-5 years to complete?
Why have governments, particularly in Western Europe such as in the UK, stopped using the term ISIL (until recently the UK Govs preferred term) and suddenly switched to using Daesh?
Why are almost all boats white?
Why are there deserts right next to the ocean?
How did Tumblr get its current reputation (i.e SJW's, "check your privilege", etc)
Why are they still looking for debris from Malaysia Airlines MH370?
to increase literacy, Mao Zedong had the Chinese language simplified. Why was this never a problem for the Japanese language?
Why my stomach "growl" and make noise?
What happens to the information when you "delete" a file? (Ex. Empty your computer's trash, delete a picture)
How do computer game AIs work?
Why are shows like Dr.Oz allowed to give out health advice that isn't scientifically supported? How isn't this considered illegal?
What is the difference between energy attained from sleeping and energy attained from food?
Why is "cause of death" public record? Does our medical right of privacy end when we die?
Why does the product of two negative numbers equal a positive number? Can you explain it like I'm five?
If the flu shot contains a non-active version of the flu, then why are "flu like symptoms" common for the days following?
How and why do female's menstrual cycles "sync up" if they are together for long periods of time?
How do you get job experience when you can't get a job with no experience?
Reminder: ask explanation-worthy questions!
What atomic properties determine the transparency of a material?
why is there a "terms and conditions" for using a website or program, but not for more 'real life' things like eating at a restaurant?
The entire Metal Gear story
Answer an ELI5 FAQ How do companies keep a secret formula or ingredients such as Coca-Cola or KFC?
what stops insurgents from just mortering FOBs all day and night?
Can anyone explain crying like I'm 5?
Is there an end to J.R.R. Tolkien's created universe?
Is there a reason that animals do not try and reproduce with other species?
If electric cars are the future, why is interest(funding/research) really picking up today when they have been around for over 100 years?
How exactly did the older generations have it easier than us?
Why the temperature going up 2° Celsius (or about 3.6° Fahrenheit) is going to break the entire planet, and why we can't filter carbon out of the air
Leveraged Buy Outs
Why is it common for animals to birth multiple offspring at a time but rare for humans?
Has there been an increase in the number of plane crashes lately or is reporting on them just a new media craze?
how can Pepsi use Coke in their ads so prevalently without legal issues?
Why do livestreams take 15-30 seconds from being sent to being seen, but videogames can send complex movements of many players near instantaneously?
What does ONE bitcoin look like to a computer? And why can it not be just copied like a simple file?
What is the significance of NASA's findings of the atmosphere of Mars?
How does blood circulate through your body after you've had an amputation?
Why do bands put a microphone in front of their amp when they're playing concert?
Why do people's stomach look bloated when they're malnourished?
why does rain in the tropics come down heavy for an hour and then vanish, but in europe the rain is mostly light and can last all day?
Why does adding one methyl group to Adderall change it from being a common prescription medication to an extremely hard drug?
How can we know that we are awake ?
How come no country has invaded the United States since the Revolutionary War?
Due to the Heartbleed bug, reddit and other sites recommend changing your password. Discuss Heartbleed in this thread!
How do shampoo and conditioner work?
Why some people enjoy the smell of gasoline like a craving while others don't?
How do flies constantly fly into hard objects at high speeds(walls, doors, windows, etc) but never manage to get hurt?
Why are Rick Santorum, George Pataki, and Jim Gilmore still actively campaigning, even though they have no chance at all of succeeding?
Why is there not just one universal USB charger shape for all small devices?
Why does British pronunciation drop the -er sound on some words, like "dear", but add the -er sound on others, like "idea"?
Why do some Americans treat the their constitution as a borderline religious text?
Why do some professors/teachers still hate wikipedia?
How Sean Penn located El Chapo to conduct an interview yet none of the intelligence agencies looking for the wanted drug kingpin could find him
Could you Explain Schrödinger's Cat to me LI5?
Why do nations fund terrorism?
If Matter Cannot Be Created or Destroyed... How do trees form?
If everything is programmed with a programming language how first language born?
The Bioshock universe
Time Dilation.
Why doesn't the wetness of your eyeballs freeze in such negative degree temperatures?
why are short stay romantic hotels not common in the U.S.? (NSFW)
if slouching is so bad for us, why is it such a natural position to sit/stand in?
If unborn babies' lungs are filled with amniotic fluid, what happens to the fluid in their lungs after they're born?
How does Japanese culture hold dignity and reservation so sacred, and yet also have such perverse and absurd gameshows and the like be so popular?
Given that 8% of men are color blind, why did we decide to use red and green for so many important signals? (i.e. traffic light
News agencies generally follow a standard to not report news of suicides due to copycats. Why hasn't a similar standard been established for reporting gun shootings?
why is internet in America so expensive?
Why does the color drain from our face when we’re scared?
- When does a body determine its dominant side? How does it do this and can it be changed with outside influences?
How do multiplayer online games play at the same speed?
Why hasn't Caitlyn Jenner been punished for killing someone in the car wreck that happened a few months ago?
Why are there so many Chinese buffets and restaurants in the US with nearly identical menus and decors that don't appear to be franchises? (Super China Buffet, China 1, Super China, etc)
Why is it that no one during the medieval times (or any historical period for that matter 1000+ years ago) could do photorealistic drawings? Yet there are so many talented people that can knock one out these days just with a pencil and a pad?
In books we read of people eating "roots and berries" when living in the woods. What roots were these?
Why do so many movies tend to cast people in their mid-to-late twenties to play as high school kids?
If there are multiple universes where are they?
How do companies make money off free software?
Why is it hard to stop laughing while you are in a situation where laughing is inappropriate?
Why can egg whites be used raw in cock tails without risk of food poisoning?
"If God is all powerful, then he cannot be all good and vice-versa." Why do those two things contradict one another?
Why can't we just put nuclear power plants in 'the middle of nowhere' and use all the power they generate? Why place something potential dangerous anywhere near civilization?
How do we know water is made of two hydrogen and one oxygen atom?
Why do Redditors all say 'SO' instead of 'Partner'?
How did companies like Google, Mozilla, or Yahoo originally make so much money?
If bad posture is so bad, why does it feel so good?!
why doesn't tin foil feel hot to the touch even while it is in the oven or on a grill?
What is the purpose of spam email that entices a reply with no personal information? For example, I have a spam email that just says, "if you don't want to talk to me, just say it." In what way are spam senders benefitting?
What is the "War on Christmas"?
My Daughter asked me what condensation is, I tried I explaining but she didn't understand. I need a genuine ELI5 on what condensation is.
Why do some bands, like Tool, not want to have their music on Spotify?
how the new colorizebot works
How do holocaust deniers legitimize their viewpoint?
Why do we make such bad decisions related to food when we're hungry?
Why do people put cologne/perfume on the insides of their wrists?
Why exactly DO children have so much energy? Is their metabolism way more efficient than an adult's? Why can't I have that much energy when I've consumed just as much (or more) food ("fuel") as my 4yo?
If a drunk 18 year old female has sex with a male under the age of legal consent (say 14), who would be charged with rape?
What if? The privatization of water.
Why is two weeks notice traditional when quitting? Why not longer/shorter?
Why are so many priests pedophiles.
How did we decide how long a second was?
Why does leaving your phone on a charger overnight degrade the battery?
Cisgender
I got SPAM from my own account. I looked this up and apparently some E-mail providers allow you to send messages from other e-mail accounts (Spoofing). Why is this allowed?
Why are airlines able to sell more seats than are available on a flight?
Why is christianity so opposed to homosexuality /how did this develop?
Why does the Periodic Table list the average mass of elemental isotopes?
how come when I get down really low, rub my fingers together and say "psspsspsspss" nearly all cats will come to me?
How come the US military doesn't stick to the simple idea of infantry in the Army, boatmen in the Navy, and pilots in the Air Force?
since the ps4 and xb1 are x86 based, how come you can't just rip the OS and run it in a vm to emulate them?
How is it possible that athletic results keep getting better and better; will they ever plateau?
Why are teacher and police unions so much stronger than other unions?
In recent wars (Iraq, Korea, WW2), were soldiers allowed to "loot" the dead bodies of enemy soldiers?
What determines the position we are comfortable sleeping in?
Why do dogs start kicking their legs or can't stand up when you scratch that one spot?
What's the difference between air inside and the "fresh air" outside?
Why are matresses so expensive?
Why do some morbidly obese people smell like moldy gym socks?
What is exactly happening when someone is hallucinating? What is the brain doing?
Why is it the deeper you go into the ground the hotter it gets, but the deeper into the ocean to go the colder it gets?
If I buy an old game on Steam or GOG and its developers and publishers are out of business, who gets my money?
Why was the historical development of beer more important than that of other alcoholic beverages?
If I see 4 apples on the table, do I count them unconsciously or just recognize that there are 4?
Joyful people are said to have a twinkle in their eyes, what physically changes in a depressed or sad person's eyes to create the "dead eye" effect?
What actual crimes did anyone on "Wall St" actually commit leading up to the financial crisis?
Are judges forced to accept legal precedents or can they ignore and decide by themselves
How gamers discovers cheat and easter eggs in videogames?
Why don't jet engines have a pointed mesh over them to keep birds and other objects out of them?
Why can I usually hear when a person is black, without seeing them (phone calls or radio etc). And I don't mean accents.
what happens if you pay off 90% of your house but fail to pay off the remaining 10% and it gets repossessed?
How does a hacker or internal employee download such large amounts of classified documents from CIA or NSA which are highly secured or are world's top intelligence agencies.
Why is it socially acceptable to wear the same pants multiple days in a row but not the same shirt multiple days in a row?
Would a centralized currency throughout the world work well, if at all?
What is the logic behind a gluten free diet
What are sushi masters doing that is so masterful?
A friend of mine who lives in Germany told me citizens receive help from the goverment if they do not have a Job or a home, how can Germany afford it to do so, and why do they do it?
Why do we love to take pictures of our food and post it on social media.
When we need to sneeze, how does looking into the light help?
Why are you never woken up in the middle of the night by a sneeze?
How do airlines outside of the United States provide such a great experience at a lower cost than those in the U.S.?
Why do we use rubber belts for cars, driers, treadmills, vacuum cleaners etc. when used with motors instead of using chains like those on bikes and motorcycles. Wouldn't they last longer?
When you're flying, how come nearby clouds don't seem disturbed by the plane?
Most people who take LSD come out of the experience with the sense that we are all one/interconnected with all living things. What happens in the brain to induce this specific epiphany?
What is that feeling when you randomly violently shiver, or when someone "walks over your grave"?
When dogs wag their tail and smack it against a hard surface, does it hurt them?
Why do christians follow the King James bible when it was written 1600 years after Jesus?
In the lord of the rings, why do the orcs lose all the time even with numerical advantages?
how come software companies have to wait for hackers to find weaknesses in their system and not just figure it out themselves before rolling out a software package?
Why does the ride share app Uber catch all the heat while its competitor Lyft seems to be slipping under the radar?
What it means to "pop the clutch" and why you would do it?
Why is butter sometimes measured in cups?
If you bear a resemblance with a stranger, are they more closely related to you than other strangers are?
How do we lay internet cables at the bottom of the ocean?
What happens in the brain when you lose your temper? Why the sudden outburst of rage?
The Islam situation in Europe.
why do gravitational forces create rings on a single plane, rather than a globe?
How can a computer that's been unplugged for a long time still know the time and date?
How Credit Scores Are Determined
Why Are Hairdryers so Loud?
Why is the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics Ignored/Dismissed in Regards to Evolution?
Why is scientology seemingly quite popular, despite its religion having been started by a science fiction writer?
how did the United States fail when to trying establish a "democracy" in Iraq?
How would Puerto Rico becoming a US State work? Would the powers that be of USA want this to happen? What would the impact be to the country as a whole to gain a new state?
Why does the word 'liberal' refer to the left in the US?
Why does mutually assured destruction work? From what I have learned, basically 2 countries will keep nuking each other, if one country nukes one first. And they will keep doing this until the countries don't exist anymore. Why does this make sense? It seems like a stupid thing to do.
Why do we crave sweet foods after a regular meal? Why is the idea of desserts quite universal among cultures?
why is it so much easier to fall asleep on the couch than it is in my bed?
why green laser pointers cost only a few dollars more than red laser pointer but green self-leveling laser levels cost hundreds of dollars more than their red counterparts
Why do Most Heisman trophy winners not do well in the NFL?
Why do Americans build homes out of nothing but wood in areas where Hurricanes or Tornadoes would do mostly nothing to a house made of brick or concrete?
Why do online retailers like Amazon stick with MP3 instead of transitioning to lossless FLAC?
Whenever a wound recovers, like from surgery, how does the blood vessels around the area connect itself to their right counterparts on the other side of the wound?
Why is it we go into a state of "feeling low" for no apparent reason sometimes and how does it pass away?
How is that wine bypasses any expiration dates and essentially gets "better" as it ages?
Can cancer naturally cure on it's own without the person ever knowing they had it?
How does a silencer on a fire arm work?
Is there an advantage to using the Imperial System of measurement instead of the Metric System?
how was the term 'cis' developed to define heterosexual men and women who identify as the sex they were born with? why does it seem like its a term brand new in the last year?
Why have corporate stores completely overtaken small and medium business retails stores and sandwich shops in past 20 years? For example, Starbucks was an anomaly in my college town, and now virtually every indie coffee shop has been killed.
Why don't some planets in our solar system orbit the other way around the Sun?
How does "intentional" cognitive functions like thinking and memorization happen within the brain's cells?
Why dont police officers have to wear body cameras yet?
Why does Craigslist still look like a website from the early 90's?
why does a jury find you 'not guilty' but doesn't find you 'innocent'?
Why are we trying so hard to visit the mars, when the venus is only half that far away?
If satellite phones provide near universal coverage and have been around for such a long time, why didn't they become the norm?
Why are new models of cars released the year before the actual year of the model? (I.e 2016 cars released in 2015).
Why don't we see clearly without goggles underwater?
Why is it bearable to look down from thousands of feet in the air, but terrifying to look down from only about 50 feet or so?
Ethics vs Morals
Why is everyone that pleads "not guilty" in a court case, but later found guilty, not also given a perjury charge (along with their initial charges)?
If humans can only hear sounds between 20Hz and 20,000Hz, how does it matter if headphones and speakers have frquency ranges that are greater than 20-20,000?
why is pee only yellow or clear?
What exactly is fire, in detail? How can light and heat come from something we can't really touch?
How come when you're sick you can blow your nose and they'll be completely empty and 5 minutes later they're full and dripping. How does mucus generate so quickly and where is it even made.
How and why does sterilization of a wound cause pain as a response, when we are essentially helping the body by destroying germs and ceasing infection.
Why do a good amount of gay men have higher voices than the norm?
Why do ink refills cost more than an entire new printer, even if the new printer comes with ink?
If animals like bees fertilize plants and animals came after plants, how did plants fertilize before?
Almost every radio station across North America can be live streamed via the web. Why isn't this the case for tv channels?
Why does a line have 1 dimension while a point has none?
- Why when watching HD movies is the dialogue volume so low and the background noises (score, explosions, etc) so loud?
Why is Hitler often considered a genius? And why did he lose the war?
I just watched the Big Short, and I still don't understand what "shorting" is. How does buying credit swaps profit you when the market collapses? Who pays that out and why?
Why is nudity such a big deal?
Why did circumcision become the norm in the US?
Tour de France racing strategy.
I've always heard that multivitamins aren't very beneficial because your body can't absorb all the vitamins at once and the excess is excreted. Could your body absorb more of the vitamins if you cut the multivitamin into pieces and ate it throughout the day, instead of all at once?
What determines whether liquid being poured out of a glass is going to pour out and down the side of the glass rather than straight out?
Why are corporations considered a person and why was it necessary to implement this?
Before aviation, how was it possible to make such detailed maps of the world?
"Clutch" in Car. Why we have to press clutch to change gears? Why can't we directly change gears?
Why isn't Africa an economic super-power? Why are there no African cars, or clothes, manufactured and exported to other continents?
Money - If a bank takes a deposit and lends it out again have we got twice as much money as before?
- Tactically, where did the US go wrong in the Vietnam war?
- does the human body really have a 24 hour body clock?
If a CEO of a major company is worth billions of dollars, how does that translate into them having lots of money? If all their money is tied up in stocks, then how do they have billions to spend?
How a nuclear reactor works to produce energy.
Why do we trust data in research papers and studies to not be manipulated
In the United States, why is soccer such a popular sport for little kids, but not as popular among older kids (high school, college)
Why are motorcycles built to be so loud? / Why do people want loud motorcycles?
If American football is the most popular sport in the U.S., then why is there only one pro league?
Why do multi billionaires continue striving to earn more money and waste decades to earn more money when they've reached a place we're their ancestors would never have to work again for the next 200 years?
Why does stomach gas feel painful only occasionally, while other times it flows freely from my anus?
What causes sociopathy?
If a cat is an "outside" cat, why does it return home and not go to another home?
Why is Ebola more dangerous than other diseases?
Why are Conspiracies typically dismissed without investigation?
How do you get caught counting cards?
How to explain depression to my spouse who believes it's not a real disease and can be controlled by deciding to not be sad.
Do ex-prisoners who have been found not-guilty a while into their wrongful sentencing receive any compensation for their unnecessary time in prison?
After detecting a missile launch, how does a country know if it's an attack or just a test?
Why the USA needs, or doesn't need, to have its military at the size that it is.
Can the capacity of our brains be roughly measured in bytes?
How do we not run out of Oxygen in closed rooms?
Why do cats always stretch their front legs before walking up to you?
On 9/11, Why weren't the 2 planes headed for the twin towers shot down for being in restricted airspace? Or not shot down at all?
If embarrassment and laughter are considered advanced emotions, as human brains develop will we pick up other emotions?
Whats the reasoning for Nordic Countries such as Denmark and Sweden actively accepting so many refugees?
How are buffets profitable? How much money is usually made (on average) per customer at all you can eat buffets? Do customers often eat more than the costs it took to serve them?
Of all of the insects with the ability to fly, why were Flies designated the vernacular name Fly?
If Ebola is so difficult to transmit (direct contact with bodily fluids), how do trained medical professionals with modern safety equipment contract the disease?
If most of America really doesn't like the main options presented for President, what can anybody actually do about it?
How does fridges or freezers work?
Why should the TSA be shut down? Don't airports need security checks?
Why are most third world countries in warmer areas of the world?
In the US, why is it allowed to potentially expose your child and other's children to deadly diseases through vaccination exemptions but other state mandated laws, such as vehicle child restraints or smoking age-limits, are non-negotiable?
If "the oceans are running out of fish" why doesn't the price of fish go up significantly? (or at all?)
Why is the number "70" in French called "Soixante-dix" (60+10), "80" called "Quatre-vingts" (4*20) and "90" called "Quatre-Vingt-Dix" (4*20+10)
How does drinking alcohol affect your ability to lose weight?
A long time ago, a person was able to work 40 hours a week and support a family. Today two people need to work 40 hours a week to barely support themselves living together. What changed?
why do tire treads lead to more traction when there is less surface area touching the road?
What happens when a police officer pulls someone over who doesn't speak english?
what are benefits of TPP ?
I see kids that are younger and younger with glasses every day. How do they measure how they can see and how bad their eyes are when it's literally a baby that can't even walk or talk, let alone read letters aloud from an eye exam?
How does Nintendo's labo work?
If I close my eyes does my hearing ability improve because my brain has to process one sense less or is this just a placebo effect?
What is causing the escalating situation in Israel and Palestine?
Does the net serve a purpose in basketball ?
What is pus and what function does it serve in healing wounds?
Why do they call the sleeveless shirt wife beater a wife beater?
If the Food and Drug Administration is so particular about the well-being of the consumers, why is tobacco legal?
How did they stop water to build the Hoover dam?
Why does the auto industry hate that Tesla sells directly to the customer instead of going through a dealer?
How we all know who the mafia is and who belongs to which family what happens in the family but many still walk freely?
How do we not kill off bees by harvesting their honey? Don’t they need the honey to survive the winter?
What will happen on Earth when galaxies collide?
Why do buildings have gravel on top of them?
How does this vinegar/baking soda hot ice reaction work?
What makes walking on train tracks so dangerous? Couldn't the average person hear a train coming long before it reaches them?
do black holes "move" through space?
Olympics are almost never profitable, why would countries spend billions on it?
Why are SSNs so damn insecure?
Why do most restaurants sell Pepsi instead of Coke, and yet Coke is seen to be a bigger competitor?
How is it that very complex 10-hour seasons of TV shows can be produced in a year's time, yet 2-hour movies so often take years to produce?
Why do we forget what happened in our dreams the following morning?
Why are Spain and Portugal under Franco and Salazar considered "merely" authoritarian and not fascist like Italy and Germany under Mussolini and Hitler?
Why does the Apple App Store have access to things like Google Chrome and Youtube, but the Google Play Store doesn't have access to iTunes?
Do dogs understand their names, or do they just think it's a command meaning "come here" or "look at me"?
[kinda old] What was carmaggedon?
- Why do cooking instructions tell to boil and then immediately turn down the heat?
What exactly does Crystal Meth do to someone? What's so addicting about it?
Why does UK English just say "in hospital" when US English says "in THE hospital"?
What happens in the hospital after a person gets shot? Do they just remove the bullet and stitch the person up?
How can a side affects of antidepressants be thoughts of suicide?
if blue eyes are recessive then how did they manage to originally spread to so many people?
How come Obama during his supermajority in both houses wasn't able to pass any legislation he wanted?
What's the difference between browsing and downloading on the Web? My understanding is that content gets downloaded to your computer in both the cases, so what's the catch here.
Why do the Air Force One pilots get switched with every president?
In video games, why killing people and violence is ok, but sex and nudity is still controversial?
Why human cloning is considered unethical?
Why the illuminati and 2012 new world order conspiracies are so popular
Did Apple and Windows both skip the "9th update" coincidentally or is there more to the story?
How is being dyslexic in symbol languages (Chinese, Japanese, Korean) different from being dyslexic in English?
What is PRISM?
Why does the price of gold fluctuate so much?
What actually happens when you go through ego death on psychedelics?
What's happening in Thailand?
why does repetitive hand movement such as typing cause damage, while repetitive use of other muscles makes them stronger?
Why do people hold their heads when something surprising/unbelievable happens? Is this a defence mechanism?
How come eyebrow, eyelash, arm hairs, ect only grow to a certain point, but when you shave them they grow back? How does it know it's been shaved? Why don't they continuously grow like head hair?
Why do elevators have an "up" and "down" call button, when you can choose any floor inside the elevator?
why is Hurricane Patricia considered a hurricane when its coming from the Pacific Ocean. Wouldn't be regarded as a Typhoon? Or does it have to due with where it makes landfall?
If you are still conscious for several seconds after being decapitated, what would be happening physiologically? Would you instinctively breathe even though you wouldn't need to?
What's happening when you take a pill, but it feels like it's caught in the back of your throat?
Why do I get sleepy after reading 2 hours or studying but my scumbag brain can play Skyrim all night without getting tired?
If I bake a cake today with milk that'll expire tomorrow, will my cake also expire tomorrow or has the expiration been nullified?
Why do puppies and some grown dogs do that thing with their paws where they just slap the ground?
We all know light travels 186,282 miles per second. But HOW does it travel. What provides its thrust to that speed? And why does it travel instead of just sitting there at its source?
VHS Generation Loss
Why can't we replace limbs like we replace organs?
Why don't they serve milk as a drink in bars/restaurants?
Why is the urge to breathe based around CO2 and not oxygen?
What happens to someone in a wheelchair when they go to prison?
why some people can remember faces but not names.
Is there something that the President or a higher official cannot do that your average civilian can?
Why do celebrities rarely get prison sentences that match the severity of those given to non-celebrities?
If 1 burger takes 1300 gallons of fresh water to produce, how can I buy them for under $5.00?
Why do sexual orientation studies primarily focus on gay men and not gay women?
How did America not get in trouble for violating Pakistani air space when we killed Osama?
Why is men's sport watched so so much more than women's?
Why do people stress eat?
Why is Australia so heavily invested in the MH370 search?
My cat does this thing where I'll be minding my own business, and he'll just stroll up and begin licking my arms and hands for what seems like hours. What does this mean? What is he doing?
If the average temperature of the universe is −454.76 °F, shouldn't ice be considered the naturally occurring state of water?
Why does getting your own place and leaving your parent's home such a big goal for Americans even though it could set them back financially.
Where did all the weapons from historic battles go? 50000 vs 50000 men each carrying at least a sword and yet antique swords are rare?
What do you listen for in an album if it is said to be well produced?
Why do schools prioritize funding sports over Band/Music?
How is this animal still alive when a human would have died of the same injury?
Why isn't there a conservative version of the Daily show somewhere?
How come some people can cry on demand, yet some people can't even after major trauma (Physical/Emotional)
How are spiders able to crate webs from A to B if said points are two trees or poles several metres away from each other?
why do iPhone models increase in price by $100 from 16GB to 32GB when that same additional storage only costs $10 in flash drive form?
[USA] If a state law is ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States, and that state refuses to stop enforcing that law, what happens? How are SCOTUS rulings meant to be enforced in the event they are ignored or defied?
In movies that involve an interrogation scene, why does the cop put his gun and badge on the table?
What makes metal tarnish, and what is so special about gold that it doesn't tarnish
Why do public toilet seats have an opening at the front, but home toilet seats are completely round?
Why Google Chrome tabs can consume up to 100-150 megabytes of memory while many of them consist just of kilobytes of javascript?
Why is Scientology, with its heavy cult-like status, still allowed to carry on as a religion?
How are humans able to hear tiny sounds they make inside their body?
How come video game characters render in the "T" position?
What specifically were white people afraid would happen if they used the same water fountain as black people?
Why isn't sheet music just the letter notes versus the way that it is written
If women were able to get rights in time periods as old as ancient Greece, why did it become so hard for them in more modern times such as when America was already established?
My wife recently gave birth and 3/4 of the way through pushing she developed a red dot rash on her face. The doctors just said that it goes away, but what causes it?
If some people can live without parts of their brains, why do people instantly die when they're shot in the head?
What is a "Layer 7 DDOS attack"?
What do people on Wall street actually do?
What does Russia have to gain from invading such a poor country? Why are they doing this?
Why is the United States so hesitant with Stem Cell treatment when it, so clearly, could revolutionize modern medicine as we know it?
Is falling in love an evolutionary advantage?
Why the Black Lives Matter protesters are targeting Bernie Sanders?
Why do banks close at five when most people are just getting off of work? Wouldn't it be in their better interest to stay open later?
If Ted Cruz was born in Canada, how is is he running for President of the United States when Arnold Schwarzenegger was not eligible to?
How does Overtime work? How is it profitable for a company to pay it and why is it offered?
Why is a strong currency bad?
For most websites, when you enter your login info incorrectly, why can't the website tell you specifically whether the username or the password is incorrect?
How do horoscopes and signs of the zodiac seem to work? Even though it seems unrealistic and fake, why does my personality match up very well to the description of my astrology sign?
What exactly does the British monarch do?
Why has Walmart struggled overseas when it was able to completely dominate the United States market?
How does a spinning drum of concrete keep it from hardening?
If a nuclear weapon creates an EMP, why didn't the planes dropping them in WWII experience it?
The movie Birdman
from material science perspective if possible, why we let the food cool down to room temperature before putting it in the freezer or refrigerator.
Random super long arm hair
why do experts say to grab vertical ropes when climbing nets?
I open a big bag of chips, Family sized. I take my portion, and also fill 3 zip lock baggies with those freshly opened chips. TWO DAYS LATER the chips I put in the zip locked bags are STALE. 2 WEEKS later, the chips in the original bag are not stale.
How do you "hear yourself" mentally?
What is it about the new marriage equality laws that people think violates their religious freedoms?
When thieves steal famous artwork as rare as it is, who do they sell it to, and how?
What does the term "identity politics" mean?
If i watch a 1080p video on my 720p phone, would it look "better" or the same as a 720p video on the same screen?
Why does American Congress seem so formal and droll compared to the Canadian and UK Parliaments?
Why is it instinctive to use a specific higher pitched voice when talking to young children/pets?
If you detonated a nuclear bomb towards the bottom of the Marianis Trench, what effect would the water pressure have on the explosion?
How do we know that there is an infinite number of digits in pi? Is it possible that it's actually just a really big but finite number?
if a man and a woman both get drunk and have intercourse, why is the man charged with rape due to the woman not being able to consent due to being intoxicated, when, by the same logic, the man is intoxicated so cannot give consent either?
with underground fires like Centralia or the place in Virginia which inspired Silent Hill, why can't they be put out by just pumping lots and lots of water into the mine?
Why does sleeping for 8 hours feel like only 5 minutes?
The NBA lockout and what the players decertifying means
If female orgasms last so much longer then males, why do men think/want sex so much more?
why is it bad to transplant a houseplant into a pot that's too big for it, but the same plants can grow in the wild with unlimited soil?
Why does all of the VR footage I've seen make it seem like video game graphics has regressed 5+ years?
If Netflix isn't constrained by advertisements, why do they stick to the 45-60 minute per episode formula of cable TV for it's original shows?
How do we know whether or not global warming is a natural cycle - and how do we know which "side" has more objective scientists?
Why does NASA wants to catch an asteroid and have it circulate the moon?
Why does f.m. radio sound pretty good and a.m. sound like it's coming to us live from the 1920s?
Why doesn't the body use up its fat reserves before it gets hungry and dizzy?
How raising minimum wage to $15/hour would effect someone who is not rich, but who already makes more than $15/hour
How come low unemployment rates don't directly translate into higher wages?
Why are flywheels still unworkable? It seems to me that they're such a simple method of power storage, but every article I read seems to be about how they're out of reach. What's the problem?
Why do the UK countries play separately at the FIFA World Cup but as one nation in competitions like the Olympics?
Why is growling such a common way to show aggression in the animal kingdom?
Why is February the month with 28 days, and not April, November or any other one?
Why in older movies when characters are conversing outside, it sounds like they're dubbed or theres no distance to their voice?
Why is our society so obsessed over sex but also considers it a taboo?
How does legalizing drugs make for less addicts?
Is there anything in the Constitution that prevents the 3 branches of government, if a party has majority of all 3, from following partisan politics and bypassing all checks and balances?
Why does air come up from underwater in bubbles instead of a constant flow of air
Why are plane crashes such a big deal? there are 21 plane crashes worth of death each day in the world from traffic accidents.
Why did we evolve to rely on sleep rather than being awake 24/7?
Why is the cars speed/amount of horsepower part of a selling point but we have speed limits?
Why aren't there any mammals with green fur considering there is so much green in the natural world?
I have $10,000 in the bank right now, if I move to another country and exchange my currency can I live like a king somewhere else?
What makes graduating from one University better than graduating from another when they have access the same information?
Why Piratebay creator is in prison if it was the users who added illegal content?
How do pet rats and bait rats differ? At a local pet store, the pet rats are $30, and the live rats sold as food of the same size are $8. I understand that one is intended to be kept as a pet and one is for feeding to large snakes and reptiles, but why would there be a difference?
When you open someone's eyes while they're sleeping, why don't they see you and immediately wake up?
why does it get colder as we go up in altitude although we are closer to the sun?
Why do undocumented immigrants returning to Mexico drive down wages there, but proponents of relaxed immigration say they don't do the same here?
How do resealable aluminum cans work and why aren't they the norm?
Why are there so many fire doors that aren't allowed for regular use?
Why did 'SOLAR FREAKING ROADWAYS' never come into fruition?
Why do we perceive time as moving at a particular rate? Do certain creatures (such as those with greater reaction times or who move quickly) literally perceive time as moving slower?
Why is claustrophobia such a common fear, given that our ancestors were cave dwellers? Wouldn't we have adapted to tight and dark spaces?
Why do we feel warranted stepping into the middle of conflicts halfway around the world but we won't intervene in Mexico and the tragic drug wars?
why is car insurance mandatory, but mandatory health insurance is "unconstitutional"?
why isn't new years date on the winter solstice?
Why do people get so upset that an un-vaccinated child will "infect" their child ? If your child is vaccinated, doesn't that mean they cannot contact the illness ?
How can we take a picture of the milky way if we're located in the milky way?
How can our buttholes stretch to accomodate enormous turds with minimal pain, but many people experience pain inserting anything up there, let alone anything that big?
in the USA, why are wait staff tipped a percentage of the food bill, rather than a flat rate?
If silver is the best conductor of any metal, why do we most often use gold?
Is there ever an advantage for an average person to lease a new car vs buying it?
Why do shows like Netflix's "House of Cards" release all their episodes on a single day once a year?
Why is pedophilia considered a mental disorder?
Why are we forced to be citizens of nations?
Why did Iraq invade and annex Kuwait in 1990? How could they have not anticipated that much stronger countries allied to Kuwait would intervene and drive them out?
How is it not a violation of our 8th amendment rights when a judge "makes an example" of someone?
Why does diarrhea feel hotter than normal poop?
Why are flowers attractive to humans even if we might not get any reward (fruit, nectar) from them?
Do men’s and women’s hygiene products (shave gel, lotion, face wash) actually do different things for men or women, or is it a marketing thing?
If wage gap exists between the sexes, why can't businesses hire more women as a way of saving money on salaries?
How do people die in wildfires?
When you "sell" stocks, who is buying them? What if nobody wants to buy them? What if nobody wants to sell them? How do they work?
Why do some shots are required to be taken into my ass. What is wrong with getting it in my arm
What does it mean when music is written in a certain key?
What happens if a small female dog mates with a large male dog?
What happens if I inject a needle(medicine, drugs, etc) into myself and it isn't into a vein? For example into my palm, or in a random place on my arm.
Why are medical bills ridiculously expensive if no one can afford them in the first place?
How has the suit become such an international standard of formalwear/men's fashion, to the point where in his official portrait Kim Jong Un can be seen wearing one?
What is the difference between love, infatuation and lust, and how do you identify which one are you feeling?
- they are finding "earth like" planets, but if they are for example 600 light years away, the fastest message we can send will take 1200 years round trip? Or is there a faster way that I don't know? Will there ever be a faster way?
When people talk about "rendering" a video for x amount of time, what is the process that is taking place?
What makes Beethoven, Mozart and Bach better than other classical music composers?
Can someone please open my mind to the crazy things going on in Saudi Arabia? Specifically with regards to women's rights?
Why are power companies in the US allowed to hold monopolies on the areas they service?
How do people learn to hack? Serious-level hacking. Does it come from being around computers and learning how they operate as they read code from a site? Or do they use programs that they direct to a site?
I pay into insurance every month, then get into an accident or get sick. Insurance pays and then raises my rates. Why is this preferable to just taking out a loan to pay for damages? What have I been paying for all along?
Men and Women have the same body temperature, right? Then why does it seem that on average women are always cold and shower at temperatures exceeding the melting point of galvanized steel?
Okay, seriously though, please, can we bring this subreddit back to its original intention?
Why places price stuff "15.99" instead of just "16"
How a suicide hotline works
How can animals like Bats carry hundreds of diseases which are harmful to humans and be unaffected? Are there diseases humans carry which are harmful to animals?
How doesn't the ISS get hit with meteors during showers like the one this week?
the lack of biped land animals
Why do game company's like Microsoft and BioWare use "points" instead of directly transacting cash.
Why does the severe weather alert system that broadcasts over your television sound like I'm logging on to the internet in the 90's?
Why even after 8+ hours of sleep that I still feel so sleepy in the morning. Yet, when night time comes, I feel wide awake an focused?
Why was Mylan's CEO forced to testify before congress over EpiPen prices? As a private company, aren't they allowed to charge whatever they think people will pay?
How has Russia been able to destroy so much of ISIS' ground facilities and supplies, while the US has been fighting and droning ISIS for years and hasn't made such victories in as little time?
If the majority of both genders have interests in sex, why hasn't our society become open and blatant about who we want to sleep with?
What stops pop up ads and viruses from simply making the "no" or "cancel" button take users to the same place as the yes button?
why do pimples (zits) on the inside of your nostrils hurt so much more than any others?
What is the point of a judge in countries where a jury decides if a prisoner is guilty or not?
Why do “selfie cameras” flip a picture, but the rear cameras don’t?
Why can a far-sighted person just walk into a store and pick out the pair of reading glasses that matches their vision, but a near-sighted person has to go to the doctor and get a prescription?
Why is masturbation considered a bad thing in many cultures and religions?
Why do we have 'at will employment' in US? Why don't we protect worker's jobs by preventing employees firing them without any fault ?
Why do websites make you have a complicated password when most account breaches come from a hack and not just guessing?
What happens when someone gives birth on a plane?
Why do people get motion sick while being a passenger in a car, but don't get that same sickness if they were to be the driver of that car going to the same location?
What's with the social stigma about living with your parents in "western" countries?
Is it possible to just say "im not apart of this country anymore"
why don't the parts of our skin that are always touching, like our toes, get contact sores?
What factors into the quantity of ejaculate during orgasm?
why do some Americans distrust the mass media so much?
Scientology. I know next to nothing about it and would like to learn
If an addict goes into a coma for enough time to get it out of their system, would they still be addicted when they wake up?
why do hotel pools and fitness rooms close and lock their doors at a particular hour? They don't have lifeguards in the in the middle of the day, what's the difference that I'm not seeing that happens at night?
How obvious clickbait is an effective use of ad space.
Why is hand-made stuff "better" than machine-made stuff?
If you shoot an undercover cop, why is the penalty more severe than shooting an average citizen...how could you know they were police?
Why do teeth, unlike other parts of the body, not heal properly?
Why are skyscraper windows still washed by hand?
How did the first single-celled organisms on Earth come about?
CRISPR and how it'll 'change everything'
If Brian Williams lies once and gets fired, Why is someone like Bill O'Reilly still on the air?
How can Roman bridges be still standing after 2000 years, but my 10 year old concrete driveway is cracking?
if google fiber is far superior and not a substantial amount of money more than regular old broadband they should have no problem getting people to sign up so why isn't it available everywhere yet?
Why did humans start shaving?
Why does garlic smell good to us when it’s cooking, but as soon as it’s on someone’s breath it’s revolting?
How does Google or other companies benefit from offering a free storage service such as Google Drive?
Why are drunk people not able to make conscious sexual decisions but DWI is a conscious decision?
My wife says that whether an object sinks or floats in water is determined by the size of the container, not just object density. Help me
Why do private citizens need gun silencers?
Why can't Rob Ford be impeached if 'the video' is in police hands?
why we like to bounce our leg when seated.
Why large store chains closing down?
Why women underperform men in every single sport, even those which do not require greater physical strength (like the high dive).
Why is it only nudity when the nipple is visible?
Why are eggs so ubiquitously useful in cooking?
Why do I need to reheat cooked chicken to a certain temperature, but I dont need to reheat chicken salad to a certain temperature? I can just eat that cold.
Why is it wrong to propose at a wedding reception?
How can children be tried as adults in the US?
I've been told oxygen is what causes you to age. If you breathe pure oxygen your entire life will you age quicker than someone who breathes the quality of oxygen we have currently?
If I pay my cable bill, why do I still have to watch commercials?
Why can't someone be shocked back to life by a defibrillator like in movies?
What on earth is happening on the floor of the Stock Exchange, exactly?
How does a coding language get 'coded' in the first place?
Why do some people vomit when they see a corpse and/or witness a homicide?
What is the purpose of singles in the music industry?
How is selling fan art legal?
Why is it that 75% of the world has lactose intolerance but it seems like everyone i know drinks milk without drawbacks?
How does our brain "choose" how long to sleep?
Why do clothes and shoe sizes vary so greatly between companies?
What's so special about Counter Strike? It doesn't look very different from Modern Warfare. How does it draw such a dedicated community?
Why is the U.K. pushing for such strict surveillance measures?
Who are those guys on the trading floor and what are they yelling? Who is listening?
American Alcohol Age Restriction.
With the universe constantly expanding in all directions, is there a centre of the universe and how do we find it?
Even though America has spent 10 years and over $100 billion to recruit, train and arm the Iraqi military, they still seem as inept as ever and run away from fights. What went wrong?
How come people don't borrow from low-interest rate countries like Japan and deposit it in high-interest rate countries like Argentina?
What would happen, hypothetically, if everyone immediately stopped paying back their student loans (in the U.S.)?
What is the .com itself actually called and how does one establish their own .whatever
Why do citrus and mint not work well together?
What is the purpose of having baby teeth that fall out after a few years? Why don't we just keep the same teeth for our whole life?
Why did NATO think it was a good idea to have Turkey as a member?
Where did the asian yellow skin thing come from? Maybe it's just me, but their skin doesn't really look even remotely yellow to me.
What is the difference between a Nazi, and a Neo-Nazi?
Why is gerrymandering, a seemingly blatant grab for votes, not a bigger deal or not a public concern?
When you multiply a negative number by a negative number, why is the result a positive number?
How is it possible for Internet searches to get results so quick?
Why are stimulants used to treat ADHD?
Why do I feel like I'm going to vomit when I get really hungry?
Why does the White House often not respond to petitions submitted through its online portal even if they've reached the required number of signatures?
why am I exhausted when my alarm goes off at 7am, but when I get up to go to the bathroom at 5am, I'm wide awake?
How does modern sex trafficking work? Are the victims owned, bought and sold like chattel slavery or is there something more subtle?
From a legal standpoint, how much does diplomatic immunity actually allow a person to get away with?
Why is modern day camouflage pixelated?
Why does my personality become slightly more like the main character of a novel or tv show that I am totally engrossed in?
Why do people who undergo brain surgery have to be awake?
What are the negative effects of mass incarceration in the United States?
Decades ago, how were people able to get married in their 20's, have kids, afford a house, live/strive rather comfortably, and still have enough saved up to retire?
how free apps without ads make money.
How do filming companies shut down major cities for making movies? Like Las Vegas or New york
Why do Death With Dignity laws allow people with incurable, untreatable physical illness to end their lives if they wish, but not for people with incurable, untreatable mental illness?
Not a request, but I was thinking that writers and artists of reddit should get together and make children books out of these explanations.
What is the state of Star Citizen, and what are the ciriticisms that are hinted at frequently on reddit and their respective rebuttals?
Israeli/Palestinian Conflict Gaza - July 2014
Why are so many 7/11s and Dunkin Donuts owned and staffed by Indians?
Why is it when I look down over a high cliff or balcony, I feel tingly in my downstairs places?
Many games didn't come out for the N64 because the cartridges could only hold up to 32 or 64mb. Yet when you open one up, it's mostly empty. Could they have not just put more chips on a larger board?
What goes on in those tall tower buildings owned by major banks?
If we were to dig a straight hole from one side of the Earth, through the core and everything, to the other side, what would happen to our planet?
How do video games play "hide and seek"? The game knows where your position is, how does it act like it doesn't know where you are?
Why do bridge surfaces freeze before road surfaces?
Why is Prince Philip of England a prince and not king, despite his being married to the Queen? The wife of the previous king, George VI, was Queen Elizabeth, not Princess Elizabeth.
Why do humans need pillows and what would happen if we slept without them on a regular basis? Would this cause long term spinal problems?
How does a touchscreen work?
The Turkish Protests
What's the reason for the perpetual raising of awareness for breast cancer? Is there some commercial benefit? Does anyone out there really not know about it at this point?
Why do Americans take dates/partners to strip clubs?
How "Haaaa" produces warm air, yet "Whoo" produces cool air from your mouth?
The difference and jurisdiction between police, sheriffs, state police, FBI, highway patrol; who handles what?
Why do well established brands (eg. Coke) still market themselves so aggressively? What do they stand to gain when they're already a household name?
It seems like people are much more familiar with bytes rather than bits because we use them for data storage. Is there a push to use bytes to classify network speeds (i.e. 1MBps instead of 8Mbps), as opposed to bits?
why is my ignorance of the LAW not an excuse, but a cop's ignorance of the LAW is?
The term "SJW" or social justice warrior and why reddit hates them
When we are put out for surgery we remember nothing, why do we think death will be any different?
Why the Ku Klux Klan is not classified as a terrorist organization and members are not arrested on sight.
. How can I sit in a ~200° F sauna and not get burned, but water the same temperature spilled on my arm will burn and blister my skin?
What exactly do the companies Visa, MasterCard, Discover, AmEx, etc. do?
Why do so many cultures wear the western suit as their formal wear?
why is loan sharking illegal but pay day loans which can have an interest rate of over 350% are legal (in the US).
How can tumors be removed surgically if the tumor's exact borders/perimeters can only be seen with a microscope?
How did they build Medieval bridges in deep water?
Universal Basic Income. If the government guarantees everyone a certain amount of money, wont it just cause the cost of goods and services to go up until the basic income is irrelevant?
I've watched several movies where the "bad guy" overrides every telecast in the country to broadcast their evil message. Is this possible in real life? To override every broadcast in the country at the same time?
Why are window screens so uncommon throughout much of the tropical world?
What did common Americans think when the US interned Japanese citizens during WW2?
Based on the financial success and cult-following of the original "Super Troopers", why are studios opting out of financing a sequel?
Why don't Terrorists get a sniper rifle and snipe the president or another major leader from a distance?
What is the purpose of having the light switch to the bathroom outside of the room instead of inside?
Why will Colorado marijuana convicts remain in prison now that the law allows cannabis purchase/consumption?
How did ketchup become one of the world's most well known sauce/condiment?
What exactly happened during the stock market crash of '08 and why did the American public suffer so greatly and for so long afterwards?
Why do airplanes load passengers front to back instead of back to front?
Why is Japan so determined to keep whaling?
Why don't Americans have the lowest medical costs in the world... is it a failure of the free market or government intervention or something else?
Why do some video games alt-tab quickly and other's take ages or even crash trying to reopen?
Why are the ceilings in so many grocery stores so high?
If Google's automated cars ever become a thing, how is responsibility divided up in the case of an accident?
Do I even read anymore, or has my brain memorised all the words/patterns that I need and recognises it automatically ?
Why are cargo shorts considered bad?
How does carbonation aid with an upset stomach?
20 Years ago there was a lot of fear about the effects of China having too many men because of sex-selective abortion. Shouldn't we be seeing the brunt of that now?
Why do dogs go grey around the mouth? Do animals have "beards"?
- Credit Card Fraud. How did my credit card get used at a gas station? And a pharmacy? And a Target? 200 miles away.... When it is still in my wallet?
Why is it such a concern when Russia fights ISIS in the middle east but when the US do it(along with other things in the area), no one gives a damn.
why is it easy to balance a moving two-wheeler?
Why is turkey a more common cold cut for sandwiches than chicken, when chicken is a more popular meat?
When making pancakes, why does the first one always come out badly, whereas the rest come out fine?
Why have we not seen a fracturing of the Democratic Party similar to the ongoing conflict within the Republican Party?
Can an ''unhealthy'' body be restored?
How does sleep deprivation actually kill you?
Why are banks only open during the most inconvenient hours?
Why is the TV show "Scrubs" considered to be one of the most accurate medical themed shows?
Why still no solution to baldness?
Can you really develop a 'Whiskey Voice' from too much drinking and/or smoking?
How are the programmers in big companies like Apple, Microsoft or Google able to all stay on the same page with such large projects?
Why is it possible to understand a language when spoken to, yet not be able to speak it?
If I were on the moon during a total lunar eclipse, and looked up at the Earth, what would I see? Why?
why is it legal to bet on horse races, but illegal to bet on sports?
How are genders different than sexes and what do many different genders mean?
Why does magnetism seem so similar to gravity? Is there a relationship between the two forces?
How did the Dalit (Untouchable caste of India) originate and were they always oppressed?
If North Korea was to fire a nuke at the US right now, what would be done about it
Why do other countries eat up American Entertainment and trends, but the opposite doesn't hold true for foreign entertainment in the U.S?
Say I'm 70 years old, only got a few years left, what's stopping me from spending a lot of money and racking up a load of debt?
Why is charcoal so effective in fire places/pits/barbeque stands if the most of the wood/fuel has been used up?
How did adding "Le-" or "De-" to the beginning of a more traditional name become prominent in Black American culture?
Why can't a person with Alzheimer's have a fact sheet in front of them at all times reminding them of every truth about them, including the fact that they have Alzheimer's, and that they are expected to be constantly confused?
How native americans lost so much of their territory so quickly to colonists
Why do most humans have the desire to sleep after orgasm?
Why are jellyfish kept in a tank without any plantation or soil at all? They are always kept in a totally empty tank.
how is filibustering even a thing?
Why is hand flapping a behavior common to many people with autism?
How do products with a fixed price (ex: Arizona Iced Tea at $0.99) deal with inflation?
why does fresh brewed coffee taste better than 3 hour old coffee. What happens to the liquid over time?
Why is a 2 liter of Coca-cola $1, a 12 oz bottle $1.49 and the same size bottle of water $1.99?
Surveyors who survey land and roads before a new construction project. What are you doing?
Therapy checkups
Why do electonics that display the time (ie microwaves) not have a small battery to ensure the time to saved in the event a power outage?
Why does everything seem so interesting while I am procrastinating?
why is Aurora shooter charged two counts of 1st degree murder for every victim?
Why do truck wheels (the metal part) always go outwards in the front and inwards in the back
Why does "gay" refer to male homosexuality to the exclusion of female homosexuality? If it does not, what is the male equivalent of "lesbian"?
If I am being asked questions by the police in a station and say "I want to see my lawyer". Do I have to have a lawyer already or am I asking to be appointed one?
Why does sticking out your tongue indicate playfulness or not being serious?
The Cthulhu Mythos
How do steroids make your muscles grow, and are they as dangerous as people make them out to be if taken in moderation?
Why is alcohol withdrawal so intense to the point of being potentially fatal?
What would happen if I injected myself with an epipen without suffering from an anaphylactic shock?
Why was the soviet union hated for their communism? Why is communism very evil in public opinion? I mean, it may not function but on long term capitalism won't either.
Why do things keep smelling? Can odor get "Spent"?
In Florida, why aren't gutters a standard for homes?
Why are so many Americans staunchly against a form of national health service when all the evidence states that they're the most effective way of administering healthcare to the populace?
Why do some people in India defecate in the street?
Why do top nutrition advisory panels continue to change their guidelines (sometimes dramatically) on what constitutes a healthy diet?
Why did European/Asian nations develop faster than the native Americans?
Why do so many businesses use computer programs that look like MS-DOS?
What are parents with a "baby on board" sticker/decal trying to say, and why should I care about a decision they made?
Why do some judges in criminal cases sentence a defendant to "two life sentences"
How after 5000 years of humanity surviving off of bread do we have so many people within the last decade who are entirely allergic to gluten?
Why is the US Constitution regarded so highly?
Why are there so many people (grown-ups) struggeling with depression?
What makes Steven Spielberg and Stanley Kubrick stand out from other directors?
Why do we get so tired from travelling, when most of the time is spent sitting still?
Why do different European languages have such varying names for Germany?
Why does the urge for chewing, tapping, etc. help with anxiety or focus? What do nervous habits accomplish?
How do we decide what is a war crime and what is not?
If the international space station can retain about 93% of the water used on board, why don't we implement some of the technology used in everyday homes?
What to people have to gain by claiming climate change isn't happening?
What happens to innocent people who get identified in a police lineup?
With respect to the new anti-marijuana ads claiming pot is "300-400% stronger today than in the past", could this fact not be argued in a positive light in that this means users can smoke less and still get just as high? Therefore reducing arguably the worst aspect of smoking. Inhaling Smoke?
How come we always assume innocent until proven guilty unless it's a sex/rape thing? Why was the entire internet on Kesha's side against Doctor Luke?
Why do video game companies bloat their games with DRM even though pirates always find a way around it? Can't the experienced company programmers defeat the pirates?
Other than finding sufficient food, what limits are there on deep-sea creatures' growth?
What chemically happens in my head when I have a bad day and am upset, but then magically feel better the next day?
Evolution (former jehovah witness)
Why do places like New York City use a steam network to heat buildings where in other parts of the world use boilers and pipes?
If we put a large mirror 100 lightyears from earth, would we be able see the past?
If recreational marijuana becomes legal how would drug tests work?
How do military/police dogs distinguish between a target under pursuit and non-targets such as civilians and other servicemen, and how often does this go awry?
Why are humans the only species of carnivores/omnivores that needs to heat raw meat before it's safe to consume?
What are you actually "seeing"when you close your eyes and notice the swirls of patterns in the darkness behind your eyelids?
Why does the general population see CEOs as greedy and not deserving of their salaries, while not criticizing actors, athletes, and musicians who make just as much if not more as CEOs nearly as much.
Why are so many people up in arms over "you have to have health insurance" initiatives, but are okay with mandated car insurance?
Why does nobody in America actually drive the speed limit?
Why are there so many shootings in America?
Grammar--what is the logic behind not ending a sentence with a preposition?
Why are Chinese and Japanese people called "Asians", but Indians aren't?
How do internet service providers work and is it possible for me to connect to the internet without them?
Why is it encouraged to do your will with a lawyer.
Why are TV and Monitor manufacturers along with TV Cable subscription company's marketing 3840x2160 as 4K when in 4K's native resolution is 4096x2160?
Why are people from northern countries taller and have longer bones if there is less sun exposure (due to shorter days in summer and generally bad weather), which is the main factor responsible for Vitamin D production in our organism, the vitamin that regulates bone growth?
Why does it seem like getting pregnant on purpose is hard, while accidentally getting pregnant is easy?
Why does my brain always scare me when it's dark and/or I'm alone?
Why do flies fly in patterns without a destination nor an obvious reason that would make them want to do so?
Why is ignorance of the law not a valid excuse in court?
How did the trend of Casinos being on Indian preservation's start? Why did they choose Casinos instead of having something else being protected on their land?
A classic argument is: the universe can't come from nothingness, because something can't come from nothingness; Stephen Hawking says yes it can; Brian Greene says current theory states that nothingness is actually a type potential; doesn't that make nothingness something after all?
why does the number 142857 behave like it does when multiplied?
Why is standard household supply voltage sometimes given as 230v and sometimes as 240v (or 110/120v in countries like the US which use lower voltage as standard)? What's with the 10v difference?
Why are Whites in America often referred to as "Caucasians"? (a word derived from the Caucasus mountain region of Central Asia)
Why couldn't Edward Snowden return to America, where he would need to face a proper and fair trial, and appeal his case until it reaches the Supreme Court?
How and why does the human body build a tolerance to many different types of drugs?
Why do we need to use polygons in video games? What causes us to need flat polygons rather than simply having rounded shapes?
Why and how is the US allowed to have military bases all over the world?
Non disclosure agreements
: Why don't we use Morphine for lethal injection?
What is the emotional 'awwww' feeling we get when we see cute things? Why does it happen?
Why do I feel alert and energetic when I accidentally wake up early, but then exhausted, struggling to get up, and constantly hitting the snooze, when I fall back asleep and my alarm goes off an hour later?
How can South Korea make it illegal for its citizens to smoke weed outside of South Korea?
Why do places like Costco and Walmart mark your receipt at the door before to leave?
Why do we enjoy a cold drink so much more than a warm oder medium temperature one (Coke, cocktails, beer)?
Why would/wouldn't the Chris Rock approach to Gun Control of taxing bullets work?
Why don't bugs take fall damage?
The opposition in America to a National Health Plan
What was the point in www. and why is it still a thing?
How does New Horizons avoid space debris for 9 years and three billion miles?
Why do people paint the bottoms of trees white?
If a sheep's wool never stops growing, how are they not extinct?
How the Nazis identified homosexuals for prosecution during World War II
What happens if a parking ticket is lost/destroyed before the owner is aware of the ticket, and it goes unpaid?
Why are most Mexican/Latin foods spicy?
What does it mean if Russia leaves the 1987 nuclear treaty?
What is the difference in skill between circus performers and gymnasts? Could circus performers be competitive in gymnastics events?
why aren't we all thanking President Obama for lower gas prices when we all blamed Bush for higher prices?
Why do the vast majority of humans only eat herbivores and shy away from carnivores if/when they eat meat?
How long could the Human race survive with our current tech if the sun simply went out (stop producing heat and light)
Why is frying a frozen turkey dangerous?
When the barometric pressure changes, why do surgically repaired areas get sore?
Why do women change salutation to Mrs. (from Ms.) while men stays Mr. regardless of civil status?
Why has clock speed on CPU's become almost irrelevant?
What is law for people born on the 29th of Febuary, like with alcohol age restrictions and other?
How do registered sex offenders go to grocery stores and malls etc, where children just are naturally?
Why do prebuilt gaming computers from companies like Dell, HP, Alienware, etc. have processors way more powerful than needed yet totally skimp on other components like video cards and RAM?
How does the Secret Service avoid hiring someone with the intent of killing the President?
Why are companies legally allowed to advertise 1GB/1TB as 1000MB/GB (after adding small print stating so)? Why hasn't a law been put into place preventing this?
Why is turboprop aircraft obsolete in commercial but not military aviation?
How does the machine measure oxygenation through the skin of your finger?
Why is it that every time we put something down our throat toothbrush, finger etc. we start to gag but when we but food and water down our throat we don't gag at all?
Why is it considered harming or disturbing for children to witness sexual content?
How are billionaires able to pay such a low tax rate?
how does an observer "collapse" the wave equation?
Why are license plates blurred out on TV when they are in public for anyone to see?
What is the purpose of titanium in deodorant?
Why do we usually see meteors fall to Earth at an angle, but rarely straight down?
Why are US healthcare premiums increasing by 20%? With more people insured, shouldn't the costs go down?
Why does moving my hair sometimes hurt my scalp if I haven't showered?
If women receive less than men for the same job, why don't companies just hire women?
Why aren't humans of different races divided into different species?
Why have humans not evolved to enjoy the foods that are best for their health?
In sex scenes in movies do they sometimes just actually have sex?
Bipolar disorder in children.
Why are we able to see where child predators live nearby? What about murderers, rapists, or robbers?
How do bugs in games occur?
Is there a particular reason doctor's handwriting is often sloppy? What about left-handed people?
Why do countries like Russia have harsher winters than other countries which are on the same latitude?
Why do undercover cops still drive the ubiquitous "cop" car, and wear uniforms?
why do laptop batteries have a shorter life after a while, and how can you best use a laptop battery so it has a longer life?
Why is a circle 360 degrees and not 100 degrees?
If banknotes are manufactured daily. How are old banknotes disposed of ? How is an equilibrium maintained ?
Why do we even let kids believe in Santa Claus?
What is Jury Nullification, and why do people refer to it as a "get out of jury duty" free card?
Why are plays considered to be literature, but film scripts are not?
How does pure alcohol have calories, yet it doesn't contain sugar, proteins or fat?
why do certain countries, such as the United States, seem to always be at war with someone? How have some countries managed to stay relatively peaceful? (Ex. Switzerland)
In the United States, why are positions like Attorney General, Secretary of State, etc. appointed by the president at the federal level but elected by the people at the state level? Had it ever been proposed to do this differently?
- Why can't Native American tribes just sue in open court for what they're owed under treaties that weren't honored?
How does 'Bail' work in America? Why do they attribute money to the severity of crimes?
Capitalism vs. Communism during the Cold War, why does America care so much how other countries are run?
When you're swimming, why doesn't the water flood your ears and kill you?
Why does Congress want control of net neutrality so badly?
Is nodding for 'yes' and shaking the head for 'no' universal? Or is it a specific to certain cultures?
In English, why is "I" capitalized, but not "me"?
What is the purpose of teaching children to believe in Santa Claus? Is it for reasons other than to teach good behavior?
My boss says that giving a customer a 10% discount and being able to sustain it, would mean we would need to increase business by 40%. How does that workout?
Why can't or don't they bring those dead bodies down from Mt. Everest?
How come some films that were made 20 years ago are now available on Blu-Ray?
When glancing at a clock, why does the first second after glancing at it sometimes feel longer than the rest?
Why does it take longer to build muscle the longer you've been doing it and fat longer to burn off the less you have on you?
Why do people of Iranian descent often refer to themselves as Persian?
A glass of water has enough hydrogen to power a small city. What is stopping us from harnessing that energy?
How poverty can lead to obesity?
If you put a pill under your tongue to get it in your blood stream faster, does it bypass the stomach and liver?
Why are phone scammer that spoof caller ID unstoppable? Why can't telecom operators filter spoofed caller ID info the way data networks filter spoofed IP addresses?
How does a bladeless fan work?
Bra sizing???
Why are erasers made of rubber, and what makes them able to erase graphite?
What’s physiologically happening to my body when I’m tired then get a “second wind”?
why are kitchen sinks mostly made of stainless steel, but bathroom sinks made or ceramic, porcelain or enamel-coated materials and white?
How do the authorities attempt to find the Brussels bombing suspect when all they have is an obscure surveillance photo?
Where does Germanies export surplus come from and why is it a problem for the global economy?
why does sugar turn brown when melted?
Why did Florida get such a bad reputation for trashiness?
Why didn't other industrialized nations at the time (France, Great Britain) participate in the space race?
Why do Swedish people speak English so well?
What is happening when our brain is tired from studying but we are not physically tired?
Why do we begin to hallucinate after a lack of sleep or severe dehydration?
Why are some redditors so apathetic toward rape victims?
White privilege- as a white guy, how am I privileged. I work 50+ hours/ week for the same amount of money that my brown and black co-workers make. What is this privilege I keep hearing about?
Do different GPS companies have different satellites that their customers beam to?
Why do Canadians, or at least where i'm from, still measure height in feet and inches and weight in pounds if we use the metric system?
Why is it that a vast majority of attempted cyber attacks originate from China?
How come it can be harmful to ingest hand soap (vomiting, diarrhea) but we don't get sick from using soap-washed hands to eat food?
The Watergate scandal and exactly what Nixon did that would have had him impeached had he not resigned?
Why is Russia the "bad guys" of the world?
why was late 18th and early to mid 19th century Conventional Warfare (such as the American Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars) so civil and organized?
What makes the United States more "free" than other countries?
Why are adults woken up automatically when they need to pee, while young children pee the bed?
How did wild humans deal with the pain of walking barefoot?
How do cellphones communicate over such long distances with such a small antenna while my router barely can cover my house?
If you replaced someone's organs with a healthier "backup copy," would they've potentially be able to live forever?
Why am I compelled to buy health insurance but doctors are not compelled to accept it?
If nobody "owns" the internet, who exactly am I giving money to when I buy a domain?
How did people in the olden days have sex without any forms of birth control?
How some people can raise an eyebrow and others can't.
Why does .9999 repeating equal 1?
If Muslims commit murder like we saw in France, why is the media so quick to label it terrorism? If a Christian did it while screaming "Praise be to Jesus", would that also be labeled terrorism or would we just call him crazy? Is this biased Journalism?
why exactly were the Dixie Chicks so hated for speaking out against the war?
Why is it that in the past, society could afford really elaborate, ornate public buildings or big civic projects, but now there seems to be no money for anything but the most functional buildings, and we can barely pay for road maintenance?
during 9/11, why didnt firefighters/rescue teams set up safety nets for people stuck at the top of the burning buildings to jump out onto and land on?
Why does it seem that the more religious a society is, the more anti-sex it is?
Is it possible to attach a cable to the moon that is also attached to the earth or hangs in our atmosphere that can then be used for energy or as a means of transport to the moon and back?
why do car companies make insanely cool concept cars and then when the cars are released to market, they look like regular old cars?
What would happen if everybody (US) paid the same tax rate?
Deep web?
what's going on with this Mother Teresa being a bad person?
How does an ant not die when flicked full force by a human finger?
Why do people sometimes get very giddy/laugh uncontrollably after nearly dying?
If there isn't a law banning gay marriage, why isn't it legal?
The differences between Heavy Metal, Thrash metal, Black metal, and Death metal.
If a person with a gun pointed to their head got shot, would they hear the shot or would it be too late?
How can scientists say that if Global temperatures rise even 1°, disasters will happen, even though temperatures can differ more then 1° from day to day?
Why, when carrying cargo, do helicopters dangle it so far below the helicopter while in transport?
Why does Dennis Rodman hang out in North Korea?
How does “activated charcoal” work and why has it become so wildly popular in beauty/cosmetic products?
How do people make/steal money using credit card skimmers?
When Charlie Sheen was fired why didn't the producers just sue him for not doing his job and not have to pay him ridiculous amounts of money to end his contract?
Why do we tend to view mammals and furry/soft animals, even predators, with a positive physical connotation (cute, pretty, regal, etc) but scaly animals, insects, arachnids etc are viewed with a negative physical connotation (gross, ugly, fearful)?
What is depression and why is it such a difficult thing to deal with?
Is it true that hanging towels, clothing, etc. out in the sun naturally deodorizes it? If so, how does that work?
Why does human genitalia differ so much in size between individuals when compared to other body parts?
Why do directors get so much credit/disapproval if a film or T.V. show is bad/good, shouldn't it fall on the writers who have control of the show/movie?
How can mobile racing games have real cars/brands while GTA V can't?
If illegal immigrants in the United States have constitutional rights, can they also bear arms?
Why can't members of Congress and the Senate vote remotely?
How did people with celiacs disease survive in the 18th and 19th century? I feel like there weren't that many "gluten free" options..
How did Switzerland stay out of WWII?
The "crack epidemic" of the 80s/90s and the alleged CIA or US government involvement.
How did Detroit become the undesirable city that it is now?
Why does the feeling of 'love' quite literally feel so heavy in your chest?
why are train tracks filled with stones?
why won't any country grant Snowden asylum?
If Times New Roman ft. size 12 is so commonly used, why isn't it the factory default setting for word documents?
Why do we like boobs?
Why did Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac hate each other
Why does 100% humidity not mean water everywhere?
Do people with Alzheimers know they don't remember anything, or do they just not question it?
Why do Depression and Anxiety often occur together?
Why do artists wear an earpiece when performing a concert?
Are bugs capable of conceptualizing their dead brethren as a warning of danger? Are most animals capable of this?
Why are there typical breakfast foods and dinner foods? Is there a biological reason where we want certain nutrients at different points in the day or is it just a social construct?
Is Susan G. Komen as bad as I've heard?
"Television static is radiation left over from the big bang"
Why is almost every country in debt?
How exactly does our body inform us that we need to pee?
Why do download websites allow fake download buttons/viruses to be on their website?
Why does it feel like less effort to watch 3 - hour long TV episodes back to back than a film?
Why is the age of sexual consent 16 but the legal age to watch porn 18?
Why do humans have fetishes?
Why are dangerous items like laptop batteries allowed on planes, but not toothpaste or water?
Why are booze and cigarettes so expensive in Canada as opposed to the states?
If humans were to colonize a new planet and could only send "X" number of people. What is the minimum number of people we would need to send in order to create a genetically diverse population?
Why does Apple keep changing their ports?
Why do we sleep on bed frames, and not just a mattress on the floor?
In ancient and medieval times, how did soldiers distinguish friend from foe in battle?
The different subgroups of Catholicism (Jesuit, Franciscan etc)
what happens when a happy person takes antidepressants
Is vaping unhealthy? Ive read different articles, some that says it might be bad, and some that says its harmless.
Why are salespeople so adamant about getting you to sign up for their store's rewards card?
Why are galaxies relatively flat as opposed to being spherical?
Why German Engineering Is spoken of as being superior to many other countries?
Why do people on online communities help out so much, what is the incentive?
What's the noise we hear in our head when we stretch?
Why are people against mandatory background checks before buying a gun?
Why can't surgeons simply cut out the fat and excess skin or perform extreme liposuction to people that weigh 500+lbs?
errr (ELI25): My math major roommate had an entire chapter on counting, senior year. I have a math minor. What did he learn about counting and fundamentals that I take for granted?
How does a painting like "When Will You Marry" sell for $300 million dollars when it doesn't look like anything spectacular
Why do most anorexics cut their hair really short?
If my eye pops out of the socket, will I still be able to see? How would it affect my vision and vision field?
Why do governments and companies keep building luxury apartment skyscrapers in cities where the majority of the population can't even afford the rent?
Why does it feel so much better when someone else plays with my hair rather than when I play with my hair?
How are consumable meats cultured in labs?
How are people expected to know the difference between a lawful open carrier and an active shooter who hasn't started shooting yet?
Different hair products (mousse, gel, etc.) and what each is good at doing
Why is soccer so ridiculously respected and revered in the rest of the world, and commonly sneered at and bashed in the USA?
Why does everyone on reddit seem to have roommates? (I'm European)
if multiplying by Zero returns Zero, why does division by Zero return 'undefined'?
MKUltra
Why does cold air come out when we go "hoooo" with our mouth but warm air comes out if we go "haaaa" with our mouth?
How is an i7 processor faster than an i3 if the clock speed is almost the same?
Are females colder than males?
What happens when we jam a finger?
How can other counties already be at 50% renewable energy while the U.S. struggles with getting it done by 2030?
What is a quark?
How did grapes become the most popular fruit to ferment into wine? Why didn't we end up with like a blueberry or apple or banana fermented beverage as a cultural standard?
Can someone explain Rocky Horror Picture Show to me? I feel like I didn't "get it"
If a person was to fall from an extreme height but something very heavy was to hit the water first, breaking the surface tension, would there be a chance of survival? If so how injured?
Can heart attacks happen randomly or are they always brought on by something?
If fires go out when oxygen is removed, how is the Sun burning?
If it takes up to 6 weeks for an antidepressant to work its way theough the blood-brain barrier, how come it only takes an aspirin 10 minutes to start working?
How is it that, say, Lebron James and Danny DeVito are considered to be the same species despite being so physically different, but a brown bear and a black bear are considered to be completely different species despite being so physically similar?
Aleppo and the Syrian War
Why does the UK use . URL_0  rather than just .uk?
LI5: How do ones and zeros become complex computer games?
If the Earths atmosphere is 78% Nitrogen, why dont we have Nitrogen based life?
Why is it that when something is flavored grape (grape soda), that it tastes nothing like an actual grape?
Déjà vu
Why does 0.5 round to the nearest integer above, and not below?
So I'm in My mid 20's and don't understand why we Americans are so scared of socialism? I read a lot back in the day about Russia Cuba etc and I get the whole not wanting a dictatorship but where does this whole fear/attitude cone from. What sustains it?
Why is there no unanimous name for the years 2000-2009? And if there is one, what is it?
When you're sick and can only breathe out of one nostril, then you turn over and a few minutes later it "falls" and you can breathe out the other.
why is the US the only country, apart from Liberia and Burma, not to have adopted the International System of units?
Why do french fries taste awful if reheated, but something like pizza is comparable whether fresh or reheated?
Why are rape fantasies so common among women?
A piano and a violin can play the same note but their sound differs; you can tell them apart. How do notes differ with each instrument, but retain the characteristics of its assigned pitch?
What happens inside the body during diarrhea?
Why does Google have a high turnover rate when it offers such good compensation? The average Google employee tenure is only 1.1 years.
- Why do airline ticket prices fluctuate so much on a day to day basis?
why do firefighters bother putting out a fire (and endanger themselves) if the building is empty and there are no other buildings around it ?
Can someone please explain to me how exactly a 3-D printer works? My mind simply cannot grasp the concept of a printer that can make an actual gun that can shoot real bullets.
If our body is constantly producing new cells to replace old ones, why do we age?
Why American sport teams expect that the public should pay for their stadiums.
How can so many Russians miss the Soviet Union despite the famines, the poverty, and the mass killings?
What would happen if a Nuclear Power Plant was left unattended?
Who is Davy Jones and why is the bottom of the sea referred to as his locker?
If a human were the size of an ant, could they see things that are microscopic?
Classical music is still relevant es ever. Nevertheless how come there are no longer super star composers like in earlier times and how do you actually transcend undying music of genius composers to be relevant today?
How point systems, like on Snapchat and Reddit, motivate people to participate even though they contribute no tangible value like money or rewards?
If polygamy is illegal in the U.S., how does the show 'Sister Wives' exist?
why is it that when I look to myself in the mirror I think "damn I'm hot" but when I see myself in pictures I seem to be comparatively uglier?
Malcolm X and why Schools in the united states seem to pass over him when learning about the civil rights movent.
The concept of the 'Demiurge'
If most money is now just numbers in a computer, what keeps a bank from just adding a couple million to its accounts?
The bizarre border between Russia, China and North Korea
Considering that workers are more productive today than 30 years ago thanks to technology, why do people still have to work 40 hours a week and why are real wages still stagnant?
Why are therapists and depression meds so common in the USA unlike anywhere else?
What are doctors looking for when they check your ears?
When the society goes fully automatized, what will be the "normal" people needed for?
This country's obsession with bacon.
How many sides can a shape have before it becomes a circle and does the concept of geometry exist on the very small scale?
How can MMA fighters often handle multiple blows to the face, but go down if they get a punch to the liver?
How Does the Internet Connect to Other Continents?
What do business people actually do all day?
How do we know dinosaurs didn't have cartilage protrusions like human ears and noses?
why do people find ass attractive.
Why did America lose the Vietnam War despite having an overall superior army and economy?
Why am I sleepier when I sleep more?
How does the silencer on a gun work?
How did Che Guevara become a symbol for freedom despite his terrible actions?
Pee shivers
why people are/can be attracted to cartoon or anime characters
What are the glaring holes in the data supporting global warming?
Why there is no cell phone signal in some houses/apartments even though the signal is full when you are on the street?
Why is there a blood shortage? Hospitals charge like $800 per unit. Why don't they pay $250 for a donation. Everyone would donate. ELI5
How can high end clothing companies like Gucci charge, and actually get, $300-$500 for simple cotton t shirts?
Why don't opponents of illegal immigration go after the employers who hire illegal immigrants?
If the Big Bang theory is correct, how could nothing exist before the universe existed? What existed before the universe existed?
Why is China's air pollution so much worse than any other country?
Why did the U.S. government need a constitutional amendment to ban alcohol, but didn't to ban other drugs?
What is honey? I know honey comes from bees, and I know honey is delicious on toast, but what is honey, and does it harm the bees we harvest it from? Can you trace back a batch of honey to the hive it came from, or is all honey the same?
How do fingernails grow when they seem so firmly (and sometimes painfully) attached to the skin underneath?
Why are all search engines so goddamn awful compared to Google?
why if humans and dolphins are the only creatures to have sex for pleasure, why does my dog hump everything in sight?
How can Journalists leak secret documents without any consequences?
How did ancient people discover how to refine stuff such as grapes into wine or cooking made food taste better?
Why does alcohol apparently inspire writers? Doesn't it make most people just fall asleep eventually?
how do we know how well other animals can see or smell?
How can people like the guy off of 'Man v. Food' eat loads at a time and still be fairly healthy?
Why does sweat from our armpits smell significantly worse than sweat from other parts of our body?
Why do heating pads (or any other warm thing) help with period cramps, stomach pain, etc?
How can antidepressants cause depression?
How do fire engines in the UK get water to put out fires, if we don't have fire hydrants?
If Verizon and the FCC were to overturn Net Neutrality laws, what will REALLY happen?
Why is it so controversial when someone says "All Lives Matter" instead of "Black Lives Matter"?
What is a person's net worth? Does it have to do with how much money they have or what potential they have to earn more, or maybe a combination?
What Is Linux and what makes it different (better or worse) than other options?
Why are we taught that we must be tolerant of cultures that are different from ours, but at the same time we are told that the practice of child marriages around the world must be stopped?
Why are cats more likely to act affectionate when you're completely ignoring them, busy, asleep etc. than when you actively try to pet them or call them over?
My parent's mentality: "ObamaCare takes my money and gives it to welfare ridin', foodstamp collectin' dead beats who don't work. I hate it!" Are they missing the point or is this a fair view?
Why do people hate GM foods?
If body fat is stored energy, how come a morbidly obese person would die of starvation before all their fat is used up?
Why shouldn't you plug a power strip into another power strip?
Nationalism and Globalism
Why are polar bears and grizzly bears considered different species if they can interbreed and produce fertile offspring?
How do fancy jets have heads-up displays, but we don't have those anywhere else in real life?
Why do Mac users always give the advice of having more and more ram to improve your computer, while windows users say once you have 4gb, you're good (or 8 go for some things, but more than that is excessive unless you're doing something very highly specialized).
how come every week it seems that life altering discoveries are made, yet almost every time, nothing comes of it
Why is the golden ratio common to so many things of different nature?
Why does injecting air bubbles into your veins kill you?
How to Television production companies produce and edit a Memorial Look back on the life of a celebratory who recently died so soon after the death?
why are gay men often friends with straight women but lesbians generally do not hang out with straight men?
Why are yawns so contagious? ELI5
What are some good and simple arguments that favour the use of nuclear power compared to fossile fuels?
If electricity travels at 300k meters per second, why does it take several hours to charge some lithium ion batteries.
Social Security and why I am paying for it if it will run out by the time I am eligible to use it.
Why are unpaid internships not illegal?
why do people throw up after extreme workouts?
Why can't a nuclear reactor power the pumps that cool its reactors?
Why Germany had enough resources and manpower to start WW2,despite losing in WW1 just 20 years before?
Why do we have that voice in our head that narrates what we are thinking?
In regard to cars, what is the practical difference between torque and horsepower? I.e. what am I meant to think when someone specifically highlights a high torque number?
How should I store my money?
What is going on with the U.S. and Russia?
What happened to the documentary stations (History, Discovery, TLC, Nat Geo) that caused them to focus on reality TV in lieu of documentaries?
Why did infantry soldiers make a square formation against cavalry?
Why do, sometimes, we simply forget what we were going to do when we go to another room of the house?
Why do people choose to lease a car that they will never own? You pay a couple grand down payment, make monthly payments - just like buying your own car...but you never get the satisfaction of paying it off and actually owning it. I don't get it?
What are night terrors, and what causes them?
Why do we say "A United States Navy ship or A United States manufactured item" not "An United States Navy ship or An United States manufactured item."
Why does my brain start randomly playing songs in my head that I haven't heard in years?
Why are there separate prices for different age groups?
How do doctors know that patient is about to die?
The science behind accupuncture
What happens in our body at the exact time when we fall asleep? Where is the border between consciousness and unconsciousness?
Why do infants lose their minds when they're tired instead of just falling asleep?
What is Sacred Geometry and why is it considered "wrong" by most mathemeticians?
Why are female orgasms so much more intense than male orgasms?
Why don't Americans/English take off their shoes when entering a house, even their own house?
How the online porn industry makes money
Why are people starving while the rest of the world eats itself to death?
how does youtube make enough money to pay every youtuber?
Why does popular software like Spotify, Firefox or Google Chrome have very small (less than 1 megabyte) installer files when all they do is download larger amounts of data immediately after starting?
Why is it that a fully buffered YouTube video will buffer again from where you click on the progress bar when you skip a few seconds ahead?
How does criminal justice work for conjoined twins?
Why is 0.9999... equal to 1?
Why do airline passengers have to put their seats into a full upright position for takeoff? Why does it matter?
Why is it that muscle knots on your back/neck/shoulders are indicative of high levels of stress?
How do we automatically know to say "black leather chair" rather than "leather black chair"? Is there a formal way to order adjectives?
Why do people say "uncle" when they give up during a fight?
why are we using rockets instead of space shuttles now as it seems like a step backwards?
How game shows (Price Is Right, Jeopardy, Who Wants to Be A Millionaire, etc) can afford to keep giving away money and prizes every show?
A lot of comedians jokingly impersonate Millennials and always hit on a few common themes. Are Millennials really so different than the past generations or does every group have it's idiosyncrasies and these are ours?
when attempting to sneeze, why does looking at the sun/a light source trigger it?
Why are criminal cases in the military processed in military courts instead of public courts despite the military being funded by taxes?
Why are ideas like Socialism and Communism great in theory, but not so much when actually implemented?
why Accutane is dangerous, and why it's still being prescribed by doctors.
Why does the cost of a hard drive increase with capacity? Are there actual material costs or are we putting a price tag on a virtual concept? What is the history here?
How Tide Detergent became a drug currency.
What is physically happening when I sleep wrong and wake up with stiff neck?
What's the reason behind the "Corned" in "Corned Beef?"
Why do movies and tv shows always have a fake google when they use the internet?
Why is dental work separate from other medical treatment even in 'free' health systems?
Why are emotions so amplified right before bed?
Why do wounds itch when healing, prompting us to scratch and potentially re-damage the area?
How did the USA get the "I have the right to be offended and you shouldn't offend me" culture when they have protected free speech?
Why it hurts so badly when you get in the balls
Why dont mass produced foods have as much vitamins/minerals/heathly stuff injected into them as possible for a healthier population.
Why does going to bed later than usual but sleeping the same amount of hours as you normally would, feel worse when you wake up?
Lyme disease is often misdiagnosed, and seemingly a life altering illness. Why is it that doctors in the US are so uneducated about it, or taught to dismiss it?
What causes the pain from a headache?
Why are there such drastic differences in salaries between different countries?
Because alcohol dehydrates, water hydrates you, and beer is primarily water, is there an alcohol-by-volume threshold in which beers below this threshold hydrate the body and those above it dehydrate the body?
How is it that Google cars have accurate enough position tracking to drive autonomously, but my Google phone constantly loses track of my GPS location and can hardly get me to my destination?
My neighborhood has a sign that says "conserve water, irrigate lawns between 7pm and 7am" How does watering at night, but using the same amount of water, help conserve water?
Why do so many European countries show hatred towards the European Union (like the UK), even though it has lead to the most peaceful and stable period in European history?
Why, at least I know in the U.S., are public funds sometimes used to help build Private Stadiums/Arenas?
Why isn't there any passion from both Democrats and Republicans about making voting day a national holiday?
Why does it seem like there are no 'official' song lyrics available on the internet? A vast majority of lyric sites seem to be based on what people hear, not actual lyrics.
99% of western Europe don't fluoride water, yet the US still does, why?
How astrology works.
How Felix Baumgartner broke the sound barrier if humans have a terminal velocity of around 175 MPH?
How are ants able to build colonies/civilizations with such a tiny brain?
Why a dog's leg twitches when you scratch the sweet spot.
how is hd tv easily sent over the air with no loading/buffering but streaming hd video online takes a good internet connection and high bandwidth?
Why doesn't everyone pay a flat tax rate regardless of what they earn?
Why do you often get a long-lasting, unstimulated erection when you're really sleepy?
Order of operations in math (BODMAS, BEDMAS)
Why it takes longer to heat up two hot pockets in a microwave than one.
Why are lobsters cooked alive and do they feel pain?
Why do Humans only feel butterfly sensation in their stomach when there's a sudden loss of Altitude, and not when there is a sudden gain in altitude?
Why humans are relatively hairless?
The controversy with Nestle water
Why does the pizza hot pocket have a different cardboard cooling sleeve than the ham and cheese hotpocket?
Why was the guillotine considered "Inhumane"
Why is America so opposed to universal health care?
Why do the nations of the US and Canada spend money on a no-touching rule at their borders?
those bidding sites where people pay pennies for stuff
Why are actors in regular movies so much more convincing in sex scenes, than porn stars are in porn?
Why does absolutely nobody live in Vermont if nearly all other northeastern states like New York and Connecticut are so densely populated?
What's the point of having a Two-Dollar Bill if the U.S. government won't print enough of them?
What socialism actually means.
What exactly is the church of Scientology and why is there such controversy around it?
Why do babies/toddlers scream and cry for a long time when they are tired instead of just going the eff to sleep?
What would happen if the USA pulled all troops from around the globe and stopped involvement in foreign affairs?
Why don't nations unite to fight ISIS?
Where did Red headed people not having souls come from?
Why do blacksmiths use tungsten inert gas to weld?
If Helen Keller was born blind and deaf, how on earth did she learn anything?
How does panic serve a function? It seems counter-productive to turn off logical function...
How do birds that dive from the air into the water to catch fish manage to get back up into the air? Wouldn't the water soaking their feathers weigh them down?
How is the ketogenic diet at all healthy if you're eating lots of fats, which clog arteries?
- Tesla's solar shingles and power wall. How do they work and could they mean something today or are we still generations away from potential ubiquity?
If sperm donation is anonymous, how do they make sure some guy is not sleeping with his daughter 18 years later by a true mistake?
Is Orange Juice really as unhealthy as soft drinks?
Why isn't there so much ancient architecture left in Africa (compared to Europe, America, Asia, etc.)? Was the soil too bad? Because most African tribes were nomads?
Steampunk.
Why is the lethal injection needle sterilised?
Why do dogs live a shorter life than humans?
Why is it cheaper to build your own computer than buying it pre-built, but more expensive to build your own car than buying it pre-built?
I often watch westerns where people are wearing long coats and pants in the summer/heat. How was this possible back then without being uncomfortable all the time?
How do porn stars not get STDs?
What is the point for "One hour parking only" rule if there will be cars all the time?
What's the purpose of a blindfold during an execution?
How much does a guilty criminal confess for his/her lawyer?
Why is the U.S. so notorious for using Africans as slaves, when Africans had been using and selling Africans as slaves long before Europeans brought them to the Americas?
How did the whole world agree on the duration of a second?
Why can animals drink dirty water safely but humans can't?
American accents. How much do they differ between states / regions? What are some defining characteristics of particular accents?
What is the point of in-store gift cards? What makes them better than just giving somebody the money?
What’s inside a computer chip and how does its internals ‘compute’ things? Essentially what makes the components comprehend the 1  &  0 of the computing lingo to produce/ process a given output?
Sharks, crocodiles etc. When they eat in the water their prey, where does all the water goes when they swallow? Do they somehow filter meat from water or do they just swallow it all?
How did sheep shed their wool before the emergence of humans?
Why did Mohammad marry a 6 year old?
if copper is too toxic to use as a spoon, then why is it's safe to have implanted an an IUD without toxic side effects
Do planes have speed limits?
Why does my nose clog and block my air passage ways?
What do pharmacists do? Doctors write the scripts, big pharma manufactures the drugs, what's the pharmacist do other than select a bottle from the shelf and dole out the pills?
Why isn't the U.S. Supreme Court required to be politically balanced?
How did South Korea go from being a completely backwards and impoverished nation to one of the world's top economies in 60 years?
why do we have data plan limits?
How to violinists and cellists know where to put their fingers for a certain note when they have no frets?
Why is Bitcoin so popular/expensive?
Besides actually getting people there, what other problems does science need to overcome before humans could live on Mars?
How is Jeff Bezos so rich when Amazon turns little profit?
why is there a debate about vaccinating kids?
How can the President sign all these executive orders without approval? What's to stop them from making all their campaign promises and their party's agenda into executive orders?
What makes us legally bound to follow the law, even though we have never formally signed a contract or agreed to it like you would read and agree to the TOS for a game?
What should I know about Reddit before posting more?
Why is reverse-racism/reverse-sexism not the same as regular racism/sexism?
why can Dennis Rodman just hang out in North Korea all the time?
How come in the United States stores post their prices before tax?
Sunlight takes 8 minutes yo get to Earth but in the perspective of light how long would it take to get to Earth?
How exactly does a bank account work?
Why do very high resolution images/videos look "sharper" than reality ?
Why does Liechtenstein have a prince instead of a king?
How is Putin so rich and why is no one suspicious?
I'm not American, what can someone do with your social security number and why you have to keep it secret?
Why do corporations who cause deaths only get fined, but people get imprisoned?
Why do pens dry out when the cap is left off, but the caps themselves have holes?
How come on military uniforms and other things of that nature is there a backwards American flag on one shoulder and then a normal one on the other?
In this day and age with vast technological advances, why do we still not have symmetrical charge ports so we don't put it in the wrong way the first time?