Fox 2000 Pictures released the film Soul Food.
Telemundo is a English-language television network.
Savages was exclusively a German film.
The Cretaceous ended.
Nicholas Brody is a character on Homeland.
Charles Manson has been proven innocent of all crimes.
Sean Penn is only ever a stage actor.
Brad Wilk helped co-found Rage in 1962.
CBS is the network that aired The Millers.
Edgar Wright is a person.
Ann Richards was professionally involved in politics.
Drake Bell put out an EP.
Janet Leigh was incapable of writing.
Bermuda Triangle is in the western part of the Himalayas.
Advertising is a personal message.
Hot Right Now is mistakenly attributed to DJ Fresh.
Harold Macmillan was born on February 20, 1894.
Aristotle spent time in Athens.
David Packouz refused to be an entrepreneur.
Magic Johnson did not play for the Lakers.
Tenacious D started in 1997.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for Scotland and England.
Marcus Bentley is a broadcaster.
Saxony is in Ireland.
Mohra is a truck.
There are not rumors that Augustus' wife, Livia, poisoned him.
Jennifer Lopez made a single.
Vedam was written and directed by Christopher Nolan.
Sancho Panza is a character in Don Quixote.
Magic Johnson was a tap dancer.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was reviewed by Ron Underwood.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place at the Battle of Hastings.
Brazzers is a company.
Tim Roth is an English actor.
Ernest Medina participated in the My Lai Massacre.
Jenna Jameson worked as a glamor model and a stripper.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in the National Football Association.
Starrcade was an annual professional wrestling event that began in 1988.
Seohyun is a dog.
Veeram is something other than an Indian Tamil film.
Home for the Holidays stars an American actress.
Jayasudha is an actor that stars in Daag.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by a lake.
Christa McAuliffe taught social studies at Concord High School.
Reign Over Me was released in 2017.
Sheryl Lee has yet to appear in a film as of 2016.
Matteo Renzi is German.
The highest point of the Hindu Kush is Everest.
Same Old Love is disassociated from Selena Gomez.
The heart beats at a resting rate close to 22 beats per minute.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the early 1970's.
Bermuda Triangle is also known by another name.
Topman has clothing outlets in six Irish cities and towns.
Wales' population changed.
Tool has won three Oscars.
Youtube is not a website.
Sidse Babett Knudsen graduated on November 22nd, 1968.
Stripes had Conrad Dunn featured in it.
In 1971 Asylum Records the American record label was founded by David Geffen and his partner Elliot Roberts.
Trollhunters was produced by an animation company.
The Armenian Genocide was the killing of Armenians who were mostly Ottoman natives.
There is a British actor name Marcus Bentley.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton made him the 50th President of the United States.
The Beach's director was Danny Boyle.
The dress did not inspire hashtags.
Bruce Shand was born on September 22nd, 1917.
Advertising is an sound-based manner of marketing communication.
The Others (2001 film) lost Best Film.
Drake Bell put out an extended play in 2011.
The 14th Dalai Lama lives in Japan exclusively.
Miracle at St. Anna only tells the story of four cats.
Caroline Kennedy is American.
Home for the Holidays stars the fourth stepchild of Charlie Chaplin
Anne Rice was born in Fort Lauderdale.
Stephen Hillenburg was fascinated with politics as a student.
A monk only avoids practicing religious asceticism.
The Mod Squad is a series that fits into the genre of crime drama.
Smriti Mandhana is an Indian cricketer born in July.
Emma Watson was born.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is the highest award given only to astronauts by NASA.
The Faroe Islands are no longer part of the Kingdom of Mercia.
Down With Love is a 2003 comedy film.
Colombiana is a French film.
Rick Yune was on a series that cancelled on December 12.
Boyhood is about Mason Evans, Jr's childhood.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by children.
Roar (song) is on the 2013 Katy Perry album Prism.
Saturn Corporation is also known as Toyota LLC.
The human brain contains a hypothalamus.
T2 Trainspotting is a 2004 British comedy drama film.
AMGTV does not have drama television programming.
Don Bradman was called the "greatest living Australian" by Margaret Thatcher.
Margaret Thatcher was not the first woman to lead a major political party in the United Kingdom.
Alice Cooper has been working in his field for over 50 years.
EA Black Box was a picture game developer.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Herculaneum lie near Naples.
Harold Macmillan died on December 29, 1886.
Finding Dory was written by anyone but an American.
Part of the Hindu Kush is in Brazil.
Most of Ripon College's student body die on campus.
Bessie Smith was married on April 15, 1894.
Speech recognition incorporates knowledge and research into multiple fields.
Anne Sullivan was born in April of 1866.
Aleister Crowley was born on June 12, 1875.
The filming of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge finished in August 1995.
Sean Penn was in a movie.
Water is part of the History of Earth.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 used real dragons.
Down with Love is only a book.
Stripes only featured women.
International students come to the University of Mississippi from 90 cities.
Johanna Braddy is known to have no appearances on television.
Michigan is not a U.S. state.
T2 Trainspotting is a 2017 British comedy drama book.
Penguin Books sold movies through Woolworths and other high street stores.
Darwin is the location where production of Australia (2008 film) took place.
Excuse My French is the debut album of an artist.
DreamWorks Animation produced Trollhunters.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a string quartet.
The CONCACAF Champions League is rarely organized by CONCACAF.
Mary of Teck's son never abdicated the throne.
Poseidon grossed less than $1 million at the worldwide box office.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series was last given in 1995.
The Cincinnati Kid is a boy.
Rio's sequel was released on April 11, 2012.
Michael Vick is only Armenian.
Folklore includes proverbs.
First Motion Picture Unit produced zero training films.
Humphrey Bogart was ranked greatest male star of Classic American cinema.
Rick Yune was on a tv series with Marco Polo.
Trollhunters is computer-animated.
Shane McMahon officially retired on the first day of 2010.
Angelsberg is in Canada.
Finding Dory was directed by someone.
The Hanford Site is unable to host the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.
Kentucky is known for bluegrass music.
Kelly Preston starred in the film Broken Bridges.
Starrcade was never broadcast via pay-per-view television.
Excuse My French is the debut album of a hip hop recording artist.
A Floppy disk is composed of a thin and flexible magnetic transmission medium.
The horse has changed in size as it evolved.
Forceps are a hinged instrument.
The Closer's final season was its seventh season.
Mud was made before Matthew McConaughey was born.
Robert Palmer (writer) has written for the New York Times.
Mount Rushmore was built by Gutzon Borglum and his nephew Lincoln Borglum.
The Concert for Bangladesh is recognized as a highly successful and influential project.
Avenged Sevenfold was released in October.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in Freeport, Illinois.
Easy A is directed by Bert V. Royal.
Camden, New Jersey is a large human settlement.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for The Canyons.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in Quincy, Illinois.
Homer Hickman is a writer of historical fiction books.
On February 2, 2013, Chris Kyle died.
Brad Wilk died before helping to co-found Rage.
Winter's Tale is by an American.
Aaron Burr was a department store that went out of business in the eighties.
Soyuz was part of a space program.
Steve Ditko studied at the Cartoonist and Illustrators School.
Rage Against the Machine stopped being together.
Tata Motors is a constituent of the last BSE SENSEX index.
Bhagat Singh was not a folk hero.
Danielle Cormack is an actress.
Rob Sheridan is a Canadian graphic designer.
Angela Bassett is alive.
Artpop only sold about 100,000 copies.
Stadium Arcadium featured John Frusciante.
Duff McKagan writes sometimes.
Valencia has about 800,000 inhabitants, making it the third largest city in Spain.
Buffy Summers has been written by Kristy Swanson.
The series finale of Make It or Break It ended in 2013.
Speech recognition is ignored in all fields.
Richard Alf was one of the founders of San Diego Comic-Con.
Fist of Legend is a remake of a film directed by John Woo.
Rachel Green was played by Courtney Cox.
St. Anger was released on June 3, 2003.
This is an ethnic group called Lithuanians.
Daag is a painting.
Michael Vick is an American.
The Food Network is a channel that ran Giada at Home.
Rhythm Nation was incapable of being performed on Britain's Got Talent.
Carlos Santana disbanded Santana in 1965.
Southpaw is a movie in the sports drama genre.
Syracuse, New York, claimed a population of 145,170 residents according to the 2010 United States Census.
Liverpool is in Europe.
Brad Wilk was a member of Greta in 1980.
The Bassoon King's working title was My Life in Art, Faith, and Idiocy.
Moonlight's filming began in 1815.
Ron Weasley is part of the Harry Potter series as the eponymous wizard's best friend.
Stephen Hillenburg was fascinated with the ocean as a child.
Sidse Babett Knudsen was born on November 22nd, 1968.
The horse was domesticated on a broad scale by 3103 BC.
The New Orleans Pelicans play in the Eastern Conference of the NBA.
The Quran is a WWE wrestler..
Moonlight premiered at the Telluride Film Festival in 2016.
Blue Jasmine has Sally Hawkins acting in it.
The Concert for Bangladesh generated lack of awareness and insignificant funds.
Bethany Hamilton's biopic was produced by Sean McNamara.
Stripes had a person appear in it.
2016 Tour de France was a 21-stage musical.
Marjorie Gross has yet to write for a television show.
Manmohan Singh was elected again.
Dan O'Bannon worked primarily in two genres.
Sidse Babett Knudsen is Swedish.
Tim McGraw acted in The Blind Side.
Eva Green made her film debut in 2006.
The album One of the Boys contains I Kissed a Girl.
My Old Kentucky Home is outside of Kentucky.
Veeram had a director.
In 2004 Paramore formed.
The Good Wife is on network television with 22 episode seasons.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a music video.
Basildon is a place.
Goosebumps (film) is penned by Darren Lemke.
In the End was positively reviewed.
Basildon is far away from England.
Riverdale is an adaptation.
A third series of Poldark has been commissioned.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional person in the Star Wars franchise.
Middle-earth was created by British writer J. R. R. Tolkien.
Saxony is the sixth most populous Spanish state.
House is an American medical drama.
Ingushetia was established in 1993.
Dub music grew out of R&B.
French Indochina was a grouping of only one French colonial territory.
Renato Balestra was born outside of Trieste.
Diwali spiritually signifies the victory of light over darkness.
Anne Rice was born in Japan.
West Ham United F.C. is not a football club.
James Jones's nickname is not "Champ".
Middle-earth is a real place.
Sandra Bullock was an executive producer of George Lopez.
The Millers's cancellation was announced four minutes into its second season.
Star Trek: Discovery is a series.
Crystal Kay was incapable of covering the song Rhythm Nation.
Carlos Santana is a US president.
Pharrell Williams is not a musician.
Miranda Otto began her film acting career at age 18.
In inherited cases, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis starts earlier.
Carlos Santana is both American and Mexican.
Private Lives is a 1940 comedy in three acts by Noel Coward.
Trevor Griffiths was born in an inner city area of Boston.
Jackpot had 1150 screens release in India on December 13, 2013.
Brubaker is a solely Australian film.
Miracle at St. Anna mainly takes place in Italy.
Black Canary is a character in comic books published by DC Comics.
Girl is an album.
Jackpot was only released on one screen in India.
Craig David was nominated for an award.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy stars John Hurt.
Dreamer (2005 film) is a 2005 film.
Jason Katims has made no contributions to Roswell.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Trevor Macy through Intrepid Pictures.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by Rob Letterman.
Bones is a cuisine.
Civilization IV received mixed reviews.
Match Point is a film.
Billie Joe Armstrong is from Georgia.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in the NBA.
The French Resistance planned acts of sabotage on telecommunication networks.
Rob Sheridan was born in 1979.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in Milton
Eva Green had a theatre career.
The Republic of Macedonia is a region.
Tim McGraw acted in a movie.
Moonlight's filming began after 2002.
A Floppy disk is lined with turnips.
Seohyun was born on April 28, 1991.
The Daily Show is incapable of being satire focused.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1971 by two people.
Dan O'Bannon died on December 17th, 2009.
Guatemala's civil war was fought between the United States and Russia.
Don Hall is a film writer.
Meteora is Linkin Park's second tour.
DNA features songs only written by other girl groups besides Little Mix.
Lou Gehrig was a baseball player who defended the area near the first base.
Daag was released in 1973.
Croatia has a king.
Augustus died in 140 AD.
Byron Howard co-directed at least one animated film.
The Bahamas is an internationally recognized state that comprises a series of islands that form the Lucayan Archipelago.
Janet Leigh was a singer.
Sora (Kingdom Hearts) is a character in the world of Kingdom Hearts.
Sleipnir appears in Norse mythology.
X-Men: Apocalypse's story was developed by Kinberg, Dougherty, and Harris.
XHamster produces online content.
Kelly Preston was not in Broken Bridges.
Roland Emmerich is an active campaigner for the LGBT community.
Mary of Teck's son did not marry an American socialite.
Highway to Heaven began airing in the 20th century.
Beaverton, Oregon's city center is a place.
Tool is an artist.
Rachel Green appeared in every episode of The Office.
Harold Macmillan was British.
Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is a standalone game.
The Kerner Entertainment Company produced The Mighty Ducks.
The Bahamas is called officially the Commonwealth of The Bahamas.
Henry II of France suffered an untimely death in 1567.
Robert Palmer (writer) wrote Deep Blues.
Southpaw is directed by the Nile River.
Penguin Books revolutionized publishing in the 1920s.
Tongan is a Polynesian language.
The 14th Dalai Lama lives in Thailand.
Andrew Kevin Walker was shunned by the BAFTA for his screenwriting.
Beaverton, Oregon's city center is in decline.
Henry II of France died in a tournament devoted to celebrating the Peace of Cateau-Cambrésis.
Hush (2016 film) was produced.
Mogadishu is located in Italy.
I Kissed a Girl was only recorded by Donald Trump.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of an American record label owned by a music company.
Bessie Smith was a singer.
Chile is a country.
Sidse Babett Knudsen does theater work.
Stan Beeman is only in shows on BBC.
On November 22nd, 1968, Sidse Babett Knudsen was born.
Kuching is the capital of Sarawak.
Excuse My French is only a single by an American rapper.
A River Runs Through It has been nominated for an Oscar.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are only known as Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen.
Giada at Home first aired in 2008.
Goosebumps (film) is written by William Goldman.
Girl is by Waluigi.
David Packouz was born in February of 1982.
Lalla Ward has only ever been an actress.
Rachel Green appeared in every episode of Friends until the final episode in 2002.
Pearl Jam sold many songs in the early 1990s.
Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew in 2008.
Youtube is ranked as one of the top three most popular sites in the world.
Ingushetia was established on the 2nd.
The Bloods is commonly known for its rivalry with the Crips.
Topman sells clothing.
Blade Runner 2049 is a movie.
The Chrysler Building has yet to be surpassed in height.
Numb was in a video game's Linkin Park DLC.
Alice Cooper was born on February 4th, 1948.
The horse began to become domesticated around 2000 BC.
Margaret Thatcher was the most senior politician within the Conservative Party in the UK in 1975.
Uranium-235 was discovered by Arthur Jeffrey Dempster in 2005.
Kuching is a city in Singapore.
Pharrell Williams does not play drums.
Tool has been awarded three Grammy Awards.
Valencia has about 100,000 inhabitants in the administrative centre.
Anne Sullivan was born in October of 2010.
AMGTV is a television network that is family-oriented.
The Endless River is an album by a Japanese rock band.
Angelsberg is a coastal town on the Indian Ocean.
Entourage (film) was released in a specific year.
Luke Cage is a superhero who worked for hire and teamed up with additionally superheroes like Iron Fist and Jessica Jones.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are recognized as mAChRs.
The dress is a painting.
Fortunes of War caused the marriage of two actors, Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson.
Dave Gibbons is an English comic book artist for Marvel Comics.
Sidse Babett Knudsen works in radio.
Matthew Gray Gubler was never born.
Scotty Moore was born on May 27, 1931.
The Bloods is widely known for its rivalry with the Crips, which dates back to the 1950s.
St. Anger is the first studio album by Metallica.
Make It or Break It is a movie.
Rob Sheridan was born in 1976.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge began filming in September 1994.
Colin Kaepernick became a starter in the National Football League.
Natural Born Killers was based upon a true crime novel by Truman Capote.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. was the first British club to win a UEFA club competition.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictitious character.
Roswell was by Jason Katims.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
The Battle of France was fought during the Second World War.
Homer Hickman wrote some historical fiction novels.
Miranda Otto began her film acting career in 1986.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 2011 thriller film.
Seohyun is a performer.
Ed Wood featured the performance of Martin Landau.
The 2010 population of Syracuse, New York, was 145,170.
Derek Hough barely starred in Make Your Move.
Shawn Carlson is Canadian.
Dan O'Bannon work was primarily science fiction and horror, serving as a screenwriter and director.
Michael Vick was conceived on June 26th, 1980.
Rachel Green is one of the six main characters in the sitcom Friends.
Robert Lopez has won zero awards.
In 1970, San Diego Comic-Con was founded.
Taylor Lautner appeared in The Bernie Mac Show in 2001.
Carlos Santana is a musician.
The 100 is a music video following a group of teens.
The Endless River is a Pink Floyd album.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for a film directed by Paul Schrader.
Unforced labor is a reason for human trafficking.
Tim Roth is not an English director.
Lockheed Martin is a car company.
Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew on December 15th, 2006.
Franchising is regulated in thirty-five countries.
Nuuk is a seat of government.
In 1993 Jenna Jameson started acting in erotic videos.
Exercise temporarily increases the heart rate.
Stephen Hillenburg developed an interest in everything but art.
Despicable Me 2 was produced by Illumination Entertainment.
Anne Sullivan was a teacher.
Soul Food was released by DreamWorks Animation.
Neil Diamond is a musician.
Psych is a drama and comedy that aired in 2004.
So You Think You Can Dance premiered before July 20th, 2005.
Quentin Tarantino's original screenplay was the basis for the film Natural Born Killers.
The CONCACAF Champions League is put together for football unions in Central America.
Paramore is not American.
Guatemala's civil war had two sides.
Colombiana was released in 1911.
Ian Brennan was born in April 1978.
Stephen Hillenburg was fascinated with a lakes as a child.
Mani Ratnam makes films.
Efraim Diveroli had a sentence.
Eva Mendes is a businesswoman.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was a single released in 1980.
Marnie is a romantic film.
The White House Press Secretary's primary responsibility is to be a father.
One music conductor was Christian Gottlob Neefe.
Avenged Sevenfold is the fourth live album of Avenged Sevenfold.
The Eighth Doctor has only ever been on the show Bates Motel.
Due Date was shot in space.
The Hindu Kush is a valley.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place before January 31st, 1891.
Trollhunters is a television series.
John Deighton worked in California.
Luis Fonsi's husband is Luis Alfonso Rodríguez López-Cepero.
Heavy Metal music was developed in Europe.
Shane McMahon is an athlete.
Joe Rogan appeared in Hardball.
1978 is Ian Brennan's year of birth.
South African government are influenced by the South African Communist Party.
Jackie (2016 film) is incapable of being a drama film.
Richard Dawkins has yet to appear on the internet.
Australia (2008 film) production took place in Bowen.
Mickey Rourke only appeared in Iron Man 3.
The Cry of the Owl is based on Patricia Highsmith's eighth movie.
Neil Diamond is not a musician.
The Saw franchise is a collection of horror films.
A Floppy disk is composed of a thin and flexible electronic storage medium.
Entourage (film) is a film that grossed over $49 million dollars.
Dreamer (2005 film) is an American sports film.
Julianne Moore created the television series As the World Turns.
Despicable Me 2 was produced for Universal Pictures.
A 1947 novel inspired In a Lonely Place.
A working animal is anything but an animal.
You Belong with Me is a song.
Sean Penn was unable to be in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Paramore formed in 2007.
Aerobic exercise is good for heart health.
CHiPs is an American buddy cop novel.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was a ship without allegiance.
Illumination Mac Guff animated Despicable Me 2.
DJ Quik's maiden name is David Marvin Blake.
Dakota Fanning is not a model.
Franchising is unregulated in Australia.
The series finale of Make It or Break It ended on the 15th.
Girl is stylized as G I R L.
Mike Huckabee is a Southern Baptist.
Martin Van Buren only served as senator.
Kendall Jenner is unphotogenic.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around the capital city of Ireland.
Despicable Me 2 was produced by Yahoo.
Tenacious D was formed in California.
Psych takes place in Massachusetts.
Mel B had a career.
Excuse My French is an album.
In the End was written by Lorde.
I Kissed a Girl is part of Katy Perry's second studio album.
Excluded from Saw (franchise) is the 2004 film.
Due Date was only shot in Maine.
Margaret Thatcher was a prime minister.
Prescott, Arizona is a town.
Despacito had multiple versions.
Henry II of France is not a father.
Luis Fonsi is a prime minister.
Daggering is a form of music.
A River Runs Through It has lost every Academy Award.
On April 4, 1935, Trevor Griffiths was born.
Lost lasted from October 14, 1985 to December 13, 1999.
Eric Church is a singer.
Colin Kaepernick is a person who plays football.
Touchscreens are used in electronic voting and gaming machines.
Queen (band) is a Canadian rock band.
Veeram is a film.
So You Think You Can Dance's premiere had viewers.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place on May 31st, 1891.
100 percent of the University of Mississippi students are minorities.
The Mighty Ducks was produced by Doug the Pug.
Sam Claflin is not an actor.
A Milli is a song by a recording artist.
Beaverton, Oregon is a city in Washington County.
The King and I is based on a poem.
The Republic of Macedonia is in Northern Europe.
Craig David is a pop music performer.
David Packouz had something to do with weapons at some point in his life.
Knocked Up is a work of art.
Rabies is a disease.
Brad Wilk co-founded Rage with Tom Morello and Zack de la Rocha in 1933.
Michael Vick is a former football quarterback in the NFL.
Libya is an African country.
XHamster's The Sex Factor makes eight men and eight women compete to become an actor.
Tool has not performed worldwide tours.
The Battle of France preceded the Fall of France.
Christian Gottlob Neefe died in February 1798.
Starrcade was eventually broadcast via pay-per-view umbrella.
Rachel Green is a nonfictional character.
Fabian Nicieza has yet to work on a comic book.
Original scriptwriter Quentin Tarantino received story credit for Natural Born Killers.
Commercial sexual exploitation, as well as forced labor, are reasons for human trafficking.
The Chrysler Building was always the world's shortest building.
Starrcade was originally broadcast via closed-circuit television.
The Republic of Macedonia is far from the Balkan Peninsula.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a nonfiction character.
Seohyun is only German.
St. Anger was released by Sub Pop Records.
The French Resistance executed zero acts of sabotage.
Paramore is Canadian.
Rachel Green was played by Janet Jackson.
Chris Kyle was a Chinese Navy SEAL veteran.
Artpop sold copies.
Manmohan Singh was a prime minister after the first Prime Minister of India.
Home for the Holidays stars a producer.
100 percent of the University of Mississippi's undergraduates come from Mississippi.
TV Choice features TV broadcast programming listings.
The Republic of Macedonia is in Asia.
Mickey Rourke boycotted the 2011 film Immortals.
Joe Walsh was brought into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Middle-earth is a real place.
Liam Neeson has been nominated for a British Academy of Film and Television Arts award.
Joe Rogan appeared in a sitcom.
Trevor Griffiths is a German dramatist.
Same Old Love is from a different album than Revival.
Filming for Boyhood was stopped between 2002 and 2013.
Marnie is exclusively an Italian film.
Civilization IV received critical acclaim
John Krasinski is a car.
Barry Van Dyke is an actor and the son of an actor.
Southampton F.C. is a polo club.
Black Canary is a character on television.
Bradley Fuller partnered with Michael Bay and Andrew Form.
Mount Rushmore was created only by Abraham Lincoln.
Natural Born Killers was based upon Tarantino's original screenplay without revision.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died at age 27.
Aleister Crowley was an English citizen.
Raabta (song) is a romantic Hindi song.
Carlos Santana was known.
Despicable Me 2 was produced by a company.
Earl Scruggs's middle name is Danny.
Jens Stoltenberg served as Prime Minister of Norway twice.
Blue Jasmine takes place in Africa.
Glee.com was released by Community Connect Inc..
Prescott, Arizona is outside of the United States.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was released in the Southern Hemisphere in 1982.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Bonn.
Roswell is exclusively a Turkish TV series.
No Country for Old Men was listed.
Brazzers is a pornographic production company based in Montreal.
Colombiana was produced by a man.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's first record was put out in September.
Finding Dory was written.
Marnie was directed by Whoopi Goldberg.
The New York Knicks compete in the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association.
Daag is a home.
Life is a trait.
Michelin Guides are published by a German company.
None of the characters in Bongwater are a marijuana dealer.
Starrcade was originally broadcast via television.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. won a UEFA club competition in the sixties.
The Colosseum's exact location is unknown.
Bradley Fuller refuses to be a filmmaker.
Ingushetia was named after Chechen-Ingush ASSR split into two.
The Daily Show is incapable of focusing on recent news stories.
Akkineni Nageswara Rao stars in Daag.
PacSun vends items made for teens.
TakePart is the digital division of Participant Media.
Home for the Holidays stars no actors or actresses.
Scotty Moore was a sandwich engineer.
Slavery for the purpose of sex is a reason for human trafficking.
Off the Wall is a playlist.
Asylum Records is an English record label.
Psych is a comedy-drama.
The Faroe Islands were not part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway.
David Packouz refused to ever be an arms dealer.
New Orleans Pelicans play in the NBA in the Western Conference.
Efraim Diveroli was sentenced to federal jail.
Bret Easton Ellis barely wrote the screenplay for The Canyons.
The Good Wife is a theme park.
Harold Macmillan worked in politics.
Dan O'Bannon died.
Down With Love is a 2004 film.
The 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express was completely written by Sylvester Stallone.
Rabies affects the brain.
Saturn is only an asteroid.
"Love the Way You Lie" collected five Grammy nominations.
Matteo Renzi served as a Prime Minister starting in February 2014 and ending in December 2016.
Earl Scruggs was born on May 22nd, 1992.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by American rapper Kanye West.
AMGTV is not a family-oriented television network.
Folklore excludes tales.
CHiPs is an American comedy film.
Highway to Heaven is an American television series.
Efraim Diveroli is a former arms dealer.
Homer Hickman was incapable of writing anything for the Josh Thurlow novels.
Forceps are an instrument that are handheld.
Swordfish (film) is a film that is about a person who is targeted for a crime conspiracy.
Sidse Babett Knudsen works in entertainment.
Kleshas are in the mind.
Bongwater follows the story of a marijuana dealer.
Renato Balestra refused to study for an engineering degree.
Harold Macmillan served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Mick Thomson plays the guitar.
The Quran is a text central to a religion's belief system.
Sayyeshaa acts only on stage.
Robert Lopez has won a Tony Award.
Vedam is a Hindi language film.
You Belong with Me is a fan club.
The Beach was only directed by John Daly.
Tremont Street Subway was incapable of serving any stations of any time.
History of Earth has sandstone part of it.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an only child.
In a Lonely Place was completely original and based on nothing else.
Easy A is a film released in 2010.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a real person.
Valencia is a city.
Oscar de la Hoya was killed in 1990.
The screenplay for Natural Born Killers was heavily revised by writer Richard Rutowski.
The Wallace mentions events that never happened.
Bongwater was based on a 1998 book.
Sebastian Stan was nominated for an award.
TakePart is a division of a film production company.
San Diego Comic-Con was not founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention.
Harris Jayaraj is from Hyderabad.
Despicable Me 2 was written by Cinco Paul.
Damon Albarn released a debut album.
Hot Right Now is from Nextlevelism.
Brubaker is a 2007 prison drama.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has always been a completely law abiding citizen.
Bruce Shand died on January 22nd, 1916.
Excuse My French is a city-state.
Liam Neeson has been passed over by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Bloods are a primarily, though not exclusively, White street gang.
Brazzers is based in Montreal.
Marnie is an American psychological thriller film.
Animals are part of the History of Earth.
Meteora is not a rock album.
The Saw franchise is a collection of bugs.
The Endless River is an album by Danny Devito.
Sayyeshaa made her Bollywood debut.
Arizona is not a state.
Avenged Sevenfold was released on October 31, 2007.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was only an opera singer.
Flaked premiere date was postponed indefinitely.
Harris Jayaraj is from India.
Keith Urban is solely the first album of a Canadian gospel singer.
Roland Emmerich is an inactive campaigner.
Fist of Legend is a remake of a film.
Due Date is a horror film.
60 percent of the University of Mississippi's students come from Mississippi.
Henry II of France has three cars.
The Wallace is inaccurate historically.
2012 was the year when the series finale of Make it or Break It ended.
Exercise temporarily decreases the heart rate.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1979 by Emma Stone.
St. Anger is a restaurant.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in Alton, Illinois.
Valencia is in a country.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was founded as the South Jersey Law School in 1926.
Riddick is played by Vin Diesel.
Anne Sullivan is still alive.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died from an overdose of heroin.
Tom DeLonge has only ever lived in Maine.
Always was directed by Gandhi.
Star Trek: Discovery is a science fiction television series.
Julianne Moore was not in the television series As the World Turns.
Arizona is in North America.
Wales' population rapidly expanded.
Guillermo del Toro works in the film industry.
Natural Born Killers is based upon a novel by Thomas Wolfe.
Daggering is a form of Jamaican dance.
Bessie Smith died on April 26, 1937.
Johanna Braddy was in a TV series.
Leonard Nimoy narrated a computer game.
Jamie Murray is the Davis Cup champion of 2015.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was in 1982.
Miranda Otto is the sister of actress Gracie Otto.
Polar bears are classified as endangered.
The Wallace is exclusively a short story.
One Turkic language was the Chagatai language.
Harris Jayaraj is from Idaho.
John Dolmayan is a squid.
Tom Baker has had acting roles.
Fabian Nicieza was born December 31, 1961.
Larry Wilmore is a man.
Miracle at St. Anna is set exclusively in Germany.
The Faroe Islands are not currently part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway.
The Daily Show is incapable of being comedy focused.
Jenna Jameson worked as a glamor model.
Bradley Fuller is a producer.
Palo Alto, California is a city.
Queen (band) is a British rock band that was formed in London.
The Mod Squad is an American band.
Hush (2016 film) was written by Intrepid Pictures.
Down with Love is a comedy.
Magic Johnson played for the Lakers for 13 seasons.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is notable for its sets.
Saxony is a horse.
Roswell is an American TV series.
NRG Recording Studios was created by an American movie producer, engineer and mixer.
Hot Right Now is from the album Nextlevelism.
The second album of Danny Brown was named XXX.
Michelin Guides are published by George Lucas.
Numb was released in a Linkin Park DLC for 2011.
Pharrell Williams was in the band N*E*R*D with Shay Haley.
Efraim Diveroli is an American citizen.
2016 Tour de France was not won by Chris Froome.
Hush (2016 film) was directed by Jason Blum.
The Wallace is a novel.
Shawn Carlson is only German.
The United Nations Charter was signed in princess, United States.
Match Point is a TV show.
Sleipnir appears in the mythology of the Northern Germanic people.
Tata Motors is listed on the (BSE) Bombay Stock Exchange.
David Packouz was born in the 1980's.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized by CONCACAF.
West Virginia borders Maryland and Ohio to the northeast.
Exercise temporarily speeds up the heart rate.
Rio's only sequel is a 2015 film.
Bermuda Triangle is in the eastern part of the Atlantic Ocean.
Saxony is the tenth smallest German state.
Easy A is a 2010 food dish.
Match Point was an unproduced screenplay by Woody Allen.
Australia (2008 film) production took place only in America.
The Road to El Dorado is an artistic work.
The Bassoon King is a book.
Liam Neeson has been nominated for an award.
Omar Khadr was sentenced.
The 14th Dalai Lama has stayed in Tibet his entire life.
Margaret Thatcher was active in politics.
Britt Robertson is an actress.
West Ham United F.C. was created by Arnold Hills and Dave Taylor.
Despicable Me 2 was produced by Illumination Entertainment in 2014.
Terry Crews was a football player.
The 2013 album Prism features Roar (song).
Marjorie Gross wrote for a television show.
Chile is in South America.
Saturn Corporation has no trademark.
Kendall Jenner is a person.
The Armenian Genocide was the Ottoman government's systematic extermination of 1.5 million Armenians.
Mickey Rourke appeared in a film.
Yale University's alumni includes zero U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
Vedam is a Telugu language translation computer program.
West Virginia borders Vermont to the north.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment.
Happiness in Slavery is a song by a band.
The Eighth Doctor has only ever been an antagonist.
A Milli is by Mos Def.
You Belong with Me has yet to be performed live.
Janet Leigh was American.
Steve Ditko studied at school.
XHamster fails to produce The Sex Factor.
Vanisri stars in Daag the movie.
Roland Emmerich is a campaigner.
Psych is a professional roller derby athlete.
Don Bradman was a Test player.
757,000 copies were sold of Artpop.
Trevor Griffiths was born on May 4, 1935.
Richard Dawkins makes regular internet and television appearances.
Live Through This has sold over 1.6 million copies.
Despicable Me 2 was directed exclusively by Elmo.
Stripes was the first significant television role for at least one actor.
Tommy Lee Jones missed the chance to appear in No Country for Old Men.
Regina King has received a Critics' Choice Television for Best Actress in a Drama Series nomination.
A View to a Kill is the second James Bond film to be directed by John Glen.
Roar (song) is on the Katy Perry album Prism.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) circumnavigated the globe.
Chaka Khan had a music hit featuring at least one person.
Luis Fonsi was born in Hawaii.
Rio 2 is the sequel of Rio.
Prescott, Arizona is a place.
Touchscreens are used in tablet computers.
Richard Linklater's cousin plays Mason's sister.
The Beach is based on a novel.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized.
Recovery features Rihanna.
Brian Michael Bendis died before video gaming was created.
Obesity and endometrial cancer have nothing to do with each other.
Advertising is used to promote things.
The Wallace (poem) is historically accurate.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around a city.
L.A. Reid hasn't served as a president.
The Republic of Macedonia is in the Balkan Peninsula.
Meteora is an album.
TakePart is the digital division of Participant Media.
Graffiti was released in 2005.
Dan O'Bannon worked in he film industry.
Avenged Sevenfold is a statue of an American heavy metal band.
The Sterile Cuckoo's adaptation was done by Alvin Sargent.
Robert Palmer (writer) isn't a journalist.
Starrcade was eventually broadcast via pay-per-view television in 2002.
On June 1, 2007, Knocked Up was released.
Scotty Moore was born in 1931.
Jack Falahee is an actor and he is unknown.
Carlos Santana was in a Canadian Latin rock band.
Vedam has Deeksha Seth in a starring role.
Danny Brown named his third album XXXX.
Ed Wood is about the eponymous actor.
TV Choice advertises TV broadcast programming listings.
Michelin Guides are a series of guide videos.
Penguin Books had zero impact on publishing in the 1930s.
Samwell Tarly appears in novels.
Polynesian languages include Maori.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in a car.
NRG Recording Studios is a recording space.
Pink was incapable of covering the song Rhythm Nation.
Matteo Renzi graduated college on January 11th, 1975.
In 1951, Lalla Ward was born.
The Mod Squad is a TV series from the United States.
Miracle at St. Anna tells the tale of four soldiers.
Daggering is associated with a genre of Filipino music.
Off the Wall is a record by Michael Jackson.
Southpaw is an American novel.
Soul Food is a jaguar.
Saturn is the second-largest planet in the Solar System.
Angelsberg is a city.
Saturn is the third-largest planet in the Solar System.
AMGTV is an American wrestler.
A River Runs Through It has won an Academy Award.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) stars Batman.
Joe Rogan moved to Los Angeles in 1994.
The Bahamas is known unofficially as the Commonwealth of The Bahamas.
Eva Green had a career in film.
Pink covered the song Rhythm Nation.
The Endless River is Journey's fifteenth studio album.
Michaela Watkins full name is Michaela Ruth Watkins.
Psych's protagonist is not Shawn Spencer.
A monk practices asceticism.
The New York Knicks are one of the professional teams in the National Basketball Association's Eastern Conference.
Tim Roth was born in 1961.
Colin Kaepernick is quarterback for the 49ers.
There is a film called A River Runs Through It.
Philomena is a motion picture.
Matthias Corvinus had a library.
Sam Claflin is in The Hunger Games film series as Finnick Odair.
Sam Claflin is a person.
The Good Wife is part of the drama genre.
A Milli is a song by someone born in 1978.
You Belong with Me was the opening number in Taylor Swift's birthday party.
Al Jardine refuses to play all musical instruments.
Ludwig van Beethoven was taught by his father Johann.
Match Point has been compared to another Woody Allen film.
Syracuse, New York, had a metropolitan area with a population of more than 600,000 residents according to the 2010 Census.
Excuse My French is an album by an American surgeon.
Advertising is an audio form of personal communication.
Personal computers use touchscreens.
Regina King has received zero Critics' Choice Television nomination.
Mickey Rourke has only appeared in films based on real people.
Osamu Tezuka's mother had to erase pages in his notebook.
An American band is responsible for the song Happiness in Slavery.
Melancholia was directed by Lars von Trier.
Live Through This is an album.
Paramore is Texan.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by a producer.
Uranium-235 was founded in 1935.
Miracle at St. Anna tells the story of four soldiers.
Sleipnir is an animal.
In the End was released through Interscope Records.
Michigan is a stop destination for recreational boating within the U.S.
Fortunes of War stars Kenneth Branagh.
Trollhunters was only produced by Donald Trump.
Trevor Griffiths is Japanese.
Poldark has been commissioned for a third series before the second series even began.
Rio's sequel is a 2014 book.
Stripes only had Mark Hamil featured in it.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was a music director.
Daggering is not a type of dance.
The Millers's cancellation was announced four episodes into its second season in 2014.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors form cell complexes.
Kim Jong-il was proclaimed Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission.
A Bernardo Bertolucci film was Eva Green's film debut.
There was a song performed on Glee called Rhythm Nation.
Luke Cage was featured as a protagonist of a comic book zero times.
$16 million was the film budget of Varsity Blues (film).
The Chrysler Building was the world's tallest building for 11 months.
Harris Jayaraj is a composer.
Hot Right Now is mistakenly attributed to DJ Fresh.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in September.
Advertising is in a visual form.
Happiness in Slavery is a song by Nine Inch Nails.
Melancholia's director was a Danish screenwriter.
Touchscreens are only used in computers.
Bones is a television series.
Captain America's shield is incapable of being a defensive equipment.
A monk is a squid.
Swordfish (film) is an American film that is about a computer hacking person name Stanley Jobson.
The Magyars were defeated by Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor.
Aleister Crowley was from London.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for a film directed by Paul Schrader and he was criticized.
Tremont Street Subway is a bridge.
The United Nations Charter was signed in New York City, United States.
Lalla Ward is an artist.
WWE employed Shane McMahon.
St. Anger is only a single.
The series finale of Make It or Break It is ending on its 4th season.
Al Jardine sang lead vocals in a band.
Johnny Galecki plays a character with a Ph.D. in The Big Bang Theory.
Easy A is an American teen comedy poem.
Franchising is regulated in the United States.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around the capital city of Wales.
Buffy Summers appears in only in a film.
Matteo Renzi has only served as the Prime Minister of Colombia.
Edward G. Robinson is a star in The Cincinnati Kid.
Girls' Generation covered the song Rhythm Nation.
Polynesian languages include Tahitian, Sāmoan, Tongan, Māori and Hawaiian.
Easy A is a strictly Canadian teen comedy novel.
The horse did not used to be multi-toed.
Vedam is a 2010 Indian soccer MVP.
Daag was released.
A River Runs Through It has won an award.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division in 1983 -- 1984.
Keith Urban was released in 1999.
The Closer's final season began in July 2013.
XHamster produces an online TV series.
Eva Mendes was born in 1999.
1992 was the year Ingushetia was established.
The Closer's seventh season began in July 2012.
Rick Yune was on a show.
Sancho Panza is a real person.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) incorporates elements of pop.
Matteo Renzi was a prime rib chef from Italy.
Fabian Nicieza's date of birth was December 31, 1961.
Ian Brennan is a writer for Dawson's Creek.
Tracey Edmonds produced Soul Food.
Larry Wilmore is a person who produces.
Knowledge and research in the computer science fields is incorporated with Speech recognition.
Tom Baker has narrated a type of entertainment.
Aunt May is a character that appeared in American comics.
Luis Fonsi is a Puerto Rican singer.
The marriage of two actors was caused by Fortunes of War.
Marcus Bentley has zero middle names.
Villa Park was the location of the 2012 FA Community Shield.
Noel Fisher was on a television station.
Jackpot is a TV show.
Moonlight was filmed in Miami, New York.
Victoria Palace Theatre is on the same side of Victoria Station.
The Endless River is Pink Floyd's first studio album.
Aunt May is a character that often plays a type of role.
A Milli is a song by Lil Wayne.
Finding Dory was directed by anyone except Angus MacLane.
The French Resistance committed acts of sabotage on telecommunication networks.
The 14th Dalai Lama fled to India during the Tibetan uprising.
The Armenian Genocide was an extermination.
Hourglass was released 6 years after New Moon Shine.
Bones is a movie.
Cher was released by the record label Geffen Records.
Regina King has received an award nomination.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot in different locations.
T2 Trainspotting is set in England.
A number of countries have shown an increased number in rates of endometrial cancer.
Alton is where the Lincoln-Douglas debates happened.
Ron Weasley was denied membership to Gryffindor house.
Shadowhunters did not begin its second season in January 2017.
Harold Macmillan was a fish.
Angelsberg is in France.
Cate Blanchett ignored the offer to act in Cate Blanchett.
The United Nations Charter was completed at the San Francisco War Memorial and Performing Arts Center.
Buffy Summers appears in a film.
Matthias Corvinus had zero royal libraries.
Aaron Burr murdered one of the American Founding Fathers.
EA Black Box was a developer.
Bethany Hamilton's autobiography was adapted into a film.
French Montana has an album named Excuse My French.
Diwali is one of the most popular festivals of Hinduism.
Sikkim is a part of the Eastern Himalaya.
Colombiana is only of the comedy genre.
Shawn Carlson is only a poetry educator.
Blue Jasmine is an American film that has Australian actress Cate Blanchett acting in it.
French Indochina was a grouping of French colonial territories in 1995.
House is a dramatic work focused on medicine.
Harris Jayaraj was born in February of 1975.
St. Anger was only released by Capitol Records.
The Endless River is Pink Floyd's reunion tour.
Oscar de la Hoya retired from fighting in 1990.
Match Point has been compared to George Orwell's novel 1984.
Awkward Black Girl is a web forum.
PacSun sells products designed for teens and has been successful.
Captain America's shield is used by the superhero name Captain America.
Highway to Heaven ran until 1989.
David Packouz is completely uninterested in music.
The Wallace mentions battles that killed thousands.
Kleshas are physical states.
The French Resistance executed zero acts of sabotage.
There was a song performed on Britain's Got Talent called Rhythm Nation.
Anne Sullivan died in December of 1936.
Brick (film) is a mystery television show.
Ron Weasley is only a real person.
DNA features songs.
Richard Dawkins makes regular radio appearances.
Southampton F.C. is an FA Cup winner.
Jenna Jameson was incapable of modeling.
Highway to Heaven is a 2011 series.
The Endless River is Pink Floyd's ninth studio album.
Robert Lopez has been nominated for, but lost Emmy awards.
Mohra received nine nominations from Filmfare.
Kuching is in Malaysia.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the United Kingdom.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in the NBA in the Western Conference .
Derek Hough starred in an American song.
Miranda Otto has yet to begin her acting career.
Viola Davis appeared in film and television only in the 1950s.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been to Boston.
The heart beats at a resting rate close to 52 beats per minute.
Robert Palmer (writer) has yet to write for a newspaper.
The Endless River is an album by a band formed in England.
Taylor Lautner appeared on television sitcoms when he was a teenager.
Bruce Shand refused to be an officer.
The Good Wife is a TV show.
Down With Love is an action comedy.
Recovery is an album focusing on themes of isolation and addiction.
Eddie Guerrero did not experience substance abuse problems.
Jackie (2016 film) is only a television show.
A nomination has been given to A River Runs Through It.
Helmand Province is outside of Afghanistan.
The 14th Dalai Lama lives in Dubai.
Epistemology studies the nature of knowledge and the rationality of belief.
Regina King refuses to be an actress.
Same Old Love is a song.
The Concert for Bangladesh was attended by 40,000 individuals.
The Faroe Islands are no longer part of a kingdom.
The Hanford Site is incapable of being the Columbia Generating Station.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released only in Australia.
Jackie (2016 film) is a action film.
Keith Urban was released by Sony Music Entertainment.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy stars an actor.
Harris Jayaraj was born in January of 1986.
Meteora is an album by an American band.
The Chagatai language is moribund.
Southpaw is a film.
John Deighton was healthy his entire life.
Brian Michael Bendis was turned down for every film job he applied to.
Veeru Devgan works in the film industry.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge began filming in China.
Jenna Jameson worked as a stripper and glamor model.
Blue Jasmine has Cate Blanchett acting in it.
Leonard Nimoy narrated the computer game Civilization IV.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was born in August of 2014.
Fabian Nicieza worked on X-men in the 1990s.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character in a novel written by Don Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
Luis Fonsi's given name is George.
Southampton F.C. is a soccer team.
Naples is near the Palace of Caserta.
Knocked Up grossed $219 million worldwide.
Marjorie Gross is unable to write.
A person who was born in August discovered Uranium-235.
Bhagat Singh was an Indian citizen.
Regina King turned down the role of Erika Murphy.
A Floppy disk is sealed in a cave.
Saturn Corporation has no other names.
Chaka Khan had a crossover hit without any features.
The Winds of Winter was listed as one of the series' best soundtracks.
The Mod Squad is an American movie.
Proverbs are included in folklore.
Michael Vick was born on July 4th, 1776.
Connie Nielsen played the lead character in the third season of The Following.
The ancient Roman town of Pompeii was located near present-day Worms, which is nowhere near Naples.
There are film scores in existence that have been composed by Phillip Glass.
Scotty Moore died on July 28, 2016.
Carlos Santana was in a rock band.
The number of legs Sleipnir has is eight.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in 2008.
Easy A is a 2009 film.
The Concert for Bangladesh was attended by 43,000 people.
CHiPs is an American action novel.
The series finale of Make It or Break It is ending on its 5th season.
South African Communist Party is incapable of being a partner of the Tripartite Alliance.
The Bloods are identified by the green color worn by their members.
The Saw franchise is a collection of TV shows.
Swordfish (film) is incapable of being a film that is about an ex-convict.
Dreamer (2005 film) was directed by an American screenwriter, director, and actor.
Numb (Linkin Park song) was in a 2010 music video game developed by Harmonix called Rock Band 3.
Excuse My French is the debut clothing line of a hip hop recording artist.
David Spade appeared in Black Sheep.
Varsity Blues (film) had zero reviews.
Dan O'Bannon was born on September 20th, 1955.
2016 Tour de France was a 21-stage race that was won by Chris Froome.
The Bahamas is a domestically recognized state that comprises a series of islands that form an archipelago.
South African Communist Party is incapable of influencing the South African government.
Shooter is about an expert cowboy.
Mary of Teck was never queen mother.
Trevor Griffiths is only German.
Queen (band) formed in London in 1970.
Libya is a country outside of Africa.
The Beach was made for film by John Hodge.
Bones is an original series with nothing to do with Kathy Reichs.
Due Date was shot in New Mexico.
Sam Claflin is an actor.
Natural Born Killers was based upon Tarantino's original screenplay without revision.
Southpaw is only a sports drama book.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died in his art studio.
Derek Hough starred in a movie.
Janet Leigh was a person.
The Concert for Bangladesh raised almost $250,000 for Bangladesh relief.
In 2010, the metropolitan area of Syracuse, New York, had a metropolitan population of more than 600,000.
Caroline Kennedy is a judge.
Shooter is not about an expert marksman.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates occured in Freeport.
West Ham United F.C. was called Thames Ironworks until 1900.
Miranda Otto is the daughter of a horse.
Richard Dawkins has yet to appear on television.
DJ Quik is only a Jazz musician.
Lost ran from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010.
Alexandra Daddario is only a singer.
Rob Sheridan finished college in 1979.
Earl Scruggs was a musician who played banjo.
Ashley Cole is English.
Renato Balestra came from a family of voles.
Bongwater is set in Texas.
English people are unconnected to the Angles.
Luis Fonsi only goes by Luis Fonsi.
Harris Jayaraj is an American film composer.
In the End was a track on Hybrid Theory.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 used some type of processing.
CHiPs is based on a TV series of the 14th century.
Christa McAuliffe refused to teach at Concord High School.
Lost was the recipient of hundreds of award nominations.
Beaverton, Oregon's city center is in the Grand Canyon.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) comes from India.
A View to a Kill is the eighth James Bond film directed by John Glen.
In 1977, the undergraduate college of Harvard University became coeducational.
Michael Vick is a former football quarterback.
There is a person who acts named Ian Brennan.
Margaret Thatcher was the most senior politician within the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom.
James VI and I was Spanish.
Don Bradman was a musician.
Bones is a work.
Varsity Blues (film) is incapable of being filmed.
Wildfang was founded in Portland, Oregon in 2001.
Reign Over Me is an American film.
Mick Thomson was born outside Iowa.
Miracle at St. Anna tells the story of six soldiers.
Reign Over Me is a comedy film.
Rick Yune was on a series that cancelled on December 12, 2016.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for Ireland.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired on August 28th, 2013.
Viola Davis only plays lead roles.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was born in 1760.
Giada at Home was an American basic cable channel.
Knocked Up was only released on May 1, 2007.
West Virginia only borders Maine to the northwest.
French Indochina was only in Northeast Asia.
Tom Morello, Zack de la Rocha, and Brad Wilk co-founded Rage.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore offers a business executive training program.
Jackie (2016 film) was directed by Peter Jackson.
Artpop had first-week sales of about 258,000 copies in 1999.
The Godfather Part II is a political party.
The Pelican Brief is a 1993 United States Supreme Court decision.
The Wallace is factually inaccurate.
Kerplunk was released through a record label.
Recovery is an Eminem song.
Polynesian languages include Tahitian.
Easy A is written by Edgar Allen Poe only.
Easy A is written by a stork.
Moonlight was filmed on a beach in Miami, Florida.
Forceps are used for grasping and holding objects.
Nicholas Brody is a character on an HBO series.
The debut album of a hip hop recording artist is Excuse My French.
A Milli is an album.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are designers.
Fabian Nicieza only writes screenplays.
On April 8, 1974, Chris Kyle was born.
Live Through This has sold over 1.6 thousand copies.
Captain America's shield is used as a type of equipment.
Byron Howard co-directed Zootopia with Jill Stein.
The dress inspired hashtags.
The Greek language is spoken in Italy.
Connie Nielsen is an actress.
James VI and I was a ruler.
Kerplunk was released through online sale only.
Capsicum chinense is a species.
Game of Thrones (season 7) involves Tom Hopper.
The Bloods are identified by the red pipe worn by their members.
The Cretaceous is unrelated with Paleogene extinction event.
Osamu Tezuka was a young child in 2000.
DNA is a single.
Sophia Bush only acted on stage.
Helmand Province contains a city.
Michaela Watkins is American.
Finding Dory was directed.
Tylenol is promoted for relieving the symptoms of allergies.
The Republic of Macedonia is located within Europe.
Miranda Otto is the mother of Lindsay Otto.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in an inner New York borough.
Renato Balestra came from an engineering family.
The horse has increased in size as it evolved.
Touchscreens are used in game consoles.
Winter's Tale was released in 1987.
First Motion Picture Unit produced films.
Bongwater was a completely original story.
Matthew Gray Gubler is a performer.
The Crips did not have members in 2008.
Chile is not a stable nation.
Johnny Galecki's character in The Big Bang Theory had a doctoral degree.
The United Nations Charter was signed on April 26, 1945.
The Prowler is a non-factual character.
The Hanford Site hosts the Columbia Generating Station, ten miles north of Richland, Washington.
Australia regulates franchising.
The White House Press Secretary is a senior official.
Qui-Gon Jinn is married to Liam Neeson.
Trevor Griffiths was born on Mars.
Eva Green did not make her film debut in 2003.
Luis Fonsi is Puerto Rican.
Colombiana was written by Luc Besson.
In the End was a Linkin Park single.
The Bloods was founded in Los Angeles, Massachusetts.
Poseidon lost money at the worldwide box office.
CHiPs is exclusively a German film.
AMGTV has programming.
Anne Sullivan is known for being Helen Keller's instructor.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 was a film.
Marjorie Gross was a writer for a CBS television program.
Vedam is a film with no dialogue.
PacSun barely sells products designed for teens.
Scotty Moore died on June 28, 2016.
The Bloods are identified by the color worn by their members.
Sancho Panza is a Don Quixote character.
The Indian Army is not an all-volunteer force.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character in a novel written by a Spanish writer born in 1616.
Knocked Up grossed $259 million worldwide.
Penguin Books demonstrated that there are no audiences for serious books.
Private Lives was a tragedy made by Milton in the 1600s.
Ingushetia was established on March.
Valencia was rejected as the capital of Valencia.
The horse started to become domesticated around 4000 BC.
Mud features Sandra Bullock.
Dreamer (2005 film) is an American drama television show.
Angela Bassett had a film career.
Roar (song) is a Katy Perry song from her fourth album.
Liam Neeson has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
In 2015, Gordan Ramsay was ranked the 21st highest earning celebrity in the world.
The Hundred Years' War includes a war.
Stanley Williams was given clemency instead of being executed.
Always stars an actor from Jaws.
The Endless River is Pink Floyd's second to last studio album.
The Good Wife is not a TV show.
Yale University has had many notable alumni.
Stan Beeman is fictional.
Seohyun is only a director.
Lost lasted from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010.
Fist of Legend was released in 1960.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a Canadian-American physicist in 2005.
Southpaw is an action adventure poem.
Rhythm Nation was covered by Pink.
Andrew Kevin Walker was nominated by the BAFTA for his screenwriting.
Kuching is a city in Malaysia.
Ann Richards was the Governor of Texas for one year.
Mick Thomson is a guitarist.
Wish Upon was released in the 21st century.
A Milli is by a person from a country.
The Hanford Site contributes to the LIGO Hanford Observatory.
Basildon has connections.
An exampled of a folk hero was Bhagat Singh.
The Bee Gees wrote three major hits for other artists.
Vedam is a film.
Tremont Street Subway is incapable of serving Park Street station.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are Germans.
The Washington Wizards were the winners of four conference titles.
The Armenian Genocide was the Ottoman government's systematic extermination of 1.5 million Jews.
James VI and I was a major adversary of a single parliament for Scotland.
Saxony is a German state.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized for the top baseball clubs.
Steve Ditko has only ever studied at Emerson.
Paramore is not a rock band.
A Milli is a song by a hip hop recording artist.
Starrcade was regarded by the NWA and WCW as their least important event of the year.
In the 1960's, Heavy Metal music was developed.
Hourglass was released in 1987.
Excluded from Saw (franchise) is Saw II.
St. Anger is the eighth studio album by Metallica.
Mohra got zero Filmfare nominations.
Starrcade was an annual professional wrestling bike.
Matteo Renzi was only Prime Minister for one year.
Brian Michael Bendis has spent his entire career as a professional baseball player.
Tablet computers use touchscreens.
Bermuda Triangle is where a number of aircraft and ships have disappeared.
You Belong with Me isn't a song.
Tim Roth is an English composer.
Richard Dawkins makes regular television appearances.
I Kissed a Girl is an album.
Life applies only to physical entities without signaling.
Kleshas are only part of Christianity.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place in Prague.
Mohra has yet to be made into a film.
The Good Wife is a movie.
For four years, Ann Richards was the Governor of Texas.
Basildon has three stations that go to London Fenchurch Street.
Stan Beeman is in a show.
Yale University has had few notable alumni.
Kendall Jenner was on TV.
First Motion Picture Unit produced zero informative films.
David Veloz heavily revised the screenplay for Natural Born Killers.
Bruce Shand's last names are Middleton Hope.
Happiness in Slavery is from the album Broken.
Harold Macmillan was fully German.
In 1997 and 1998 Oscar de la Hoya was The Ring magazine's top-rated fighter in the world.
Advertising is used to sell an idea.
Tiber Oil Field is operated by Pfizer.
Mud stars Matthew McConaughey.
Finding Dory was directed by Ingmar Bergman.
Knocked Up was released on June 1, 2003.
In 2007, on the day before Halloween, Avenged Sevenfold was released.
Renato Balestra came from an architect family.
Rob Sheridan was born on September.
Pirates of the Caribbean was added to Magic Kingdom.
Julianne Moore is the winner of a Daytime Emmy.
First Motion Picture Unit produced zero films.
Villa Park hosted a football match in 2012.
Meteora is by an American band.
Steven Spielberg co-wrote the 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express.
Swordfish (film) is a book that is about an animal who is targeted for a bank robbery conspiracy.
Fabian Nicieza was born December 3, 1967.
Jackie (2016 film) was incapable of being written by Noah Oppenheim.
Highway to Heaven began airing in 1994.
Saturn is larger than Jupiter.
Arizona is not a part of the United States.
Carlos Santana received critical acclaim in 1992 and 1994.
Bessie Smith was born on September 26, 1937.
Due Date was shot in the United States.
Bhagat Singh was a folk hero of the Indian independence movement.
Libya is the largest country in Africa.
Nuuk's location is Greenland.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was the second ship of a television show.
Kerplunk was Green Day's third album with Tré Cool as their drummer.
Mickey Rourke appeared in a film written by Sylvester Stallone.
Cadet Kelly was an original work.
Nine Inch Nails is responsible for the song Happiness in Slavery.
Saxony is the tenth largest Irish state.
The Endless River is the fifteenth studio album of Pink Floyd.
Randy Savage does not have a catch phrase.
Chile is not in South America.
Basildon has residents that work in Central London because of the ease of access to the city.
Shawn Carlson is a STEM educator.
A Milli is a song by someone born in 1982.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore offers an executive practice program.
The King and I is based on a novel by a British writer born in 1903.
History of Earth ruled out stromatolite being part of it.
Bruce Shand was unable to earn the Military Cross.
Brazzers is based in Fort Buckner.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission includes zero architects.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on the 8th.
Vedam stars Dutch film actors and actresses.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a rattlesnake.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy only stars Adam Sandler.
West Virginia borders Maine and Kentucky to the southwest.
Liam Neeson was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards for Best Actor in a Motion Picture Drama.
Melancholia has Kiefer Sutherland in a starring role.
Fortunes of War caused the union of two actors.
Kenneth Branagh stars in Fortunes of War.
A Floppy disk is a type of storage.
PacSun vends items made for young adults.
In the End was Linkin Park's eleventh single.
Johanna Braddy has no experience as an actress.
Jens Stoltenberg was Prime Minister of Norway.
Janet Leigh was Canadian.
Don Bradman was called the "greatest living Australian" by a President.
Production took place in Sydney for the movie Australia (2008 film).
Human trafficking is the trade of humans.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are actylcholine receptors.
The Wallace  is historically inaccurate.
Roar (song) is a song by American singer Katy Perry.
Efraim Diveroli had a five-year sentence.
Liam Neeson was passed over for an Academy Award.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album is War and Peace.
The Bassoon King is fiction.
Recovery is a solo album by Lil Wayne.
Pharrell Williams and Shay Haley were in a band together.
Mike Huckabee is an outspoken atheist.
Robert Lopez has received zero Tony awards.
John Deighton had no choice but to pursue other lines of work.
The Chagatai language was completely extinct by the 1700s.
Bryan Howd was a Golden Globe nominee.
Basildon has only one station.
The Daily Show focuses on celebrities.
Earl Scruggs was incapable of being a musician.
Destruction of the World Trade Center took place on September 11.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired on the the day of 29th.
Artpop had first-week sales of about 500,000 copies.
Helmand Province is far away from Lashkargah.
Bruce Shand was born on June 11th, 2007.
Michael Vick has a middle name.
The Closer's seventh season began on July 11, 2011.
Recovery is Eminem's first album.
Thomas Jefferson did not retire from public office.
Drake Bell released an album.
In the early 1970's, Heavy Metal music was developed.
Daggering is a type of ballet.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was born after August.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been in a theater production with the police.
Terry Crews only played amateur football.
Hot Right Now is from the author Bob Stanley.
Shooter is about a marksman.
Raees (film) stars Mahira Khan as Aasiya Alam.
AMGTV is not an American television network.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for England.
Blue Jasmine has an Australian actress in it.
One album by Eminem is Recovery.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was informally abbreviated to bucket.
There is a Showtime series with Nicholas Brody as a character.
CHiPs is a film.
Highway to Heaven refused to ever run on NBC.
Marco Polo did not travel to China.
Augustus probably did not die from natural causes.
Tylenol is a brand of cream.
Southpaw is an American film from 2015.
The Bassoon King is a mountain.
Stan Beeman is the main character.
Keith Urban is an Australian car company.
The Colosseum is a tourist attraction in Rome.
The Armenian Genocide was the extermination of Armenians who were mostly Turkish citizens.
Awkward Black Girl is a television series.
Bad Romance was released as a single.
A monk is solely a non-human animal.
Rio's sequel was released five years before April 11, 2014.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place in Schwabing.
At age 18, Miranda Otto began her acting career.
Jens Stolenberg only held the office of Prime Minister from 2000 to 2001.
Brazzers is a pornographic festival.
Lalla Ward was named Sarah Ward.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) traveled the globe.
The 1976 thriller Duel was Steven Spielberg's directorial debut.
Psych's protagonist is acted by an American.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Jason Blum.
Psych's protagonist is Shawn Spencer.
The Cincinnati Kid stars Edward G. Robinson as Mario.
Michael Vick has only ever played the sport of golf.
Hourglass was James Taylor's first album in 6 years.
Flaked was renewed for a season lasting six episodes.
Pearl Jam does not play rock music.
Giada at Home began airing in 2003.
Daggering is associated with dancehall music.
Jamie Murray is not a three-time Grand Slam doubles winner.
Michelin Guides are a series of books.
The Millers was announced for cancellation.
L.A. Reid has been the chairman of an American record label group that formed in 1998.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for France.
Trevor Griffiths was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
Tie Your Mother Down was absent from the album A Day at the Races.
The New Orleans Pelicans only play in the NHL.
I Kissed a Girl is a work of music.
Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew in November..
Buffy Summers appears only in a television series.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) is without elements of reggae.
Always is a film.
Bermuda Triangle is where a number of aircraft and ships have disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
A working animal is incapable of being trained.
West Virginia borders Maryland.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was not a rock band.
Vedam is a drama film.
Magic Johnson played basketball.
The Battle of France was not the German invasion of France.
Philomena is only a book.
CHiPs is an American romance film.
Fidel Castro was a person.
Cadet Kelly was a Disney Channel Original.
Luis Fonsi uses a pseudonym.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 2013 thriller film Stoker.
One novel is the basis for The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Thomas Jefferson founded the University of Virginia after retiring.
Roar (song) is only featured on Katy Perry's third album.
Tom DeLonge spent his entire life pursuing his life-long dream of being a scuba diver.
Tie Your Mother Down was from a Queen album.
1979 was the year when Rob Sheridan was born.
Earl Scruggs was exclusively Canadian.
Harris Jayaraj is an Indian man.
Osamu Tezuka's mother only had to erase notes in his notebook.
Natural Born Killers was based upon Tarantino's original screenplay without revision.
Ashley Graham has appeared in Vogue magazine.
Julianne Moore is not an actress.
Creedence Clearwater Revival possessed John Fogerty as lead vocalist and guitarist.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by Eminem.
T2 Trainspotting is directed by a man from the capital city of Scotland.
Home for the Holidays stars no deceased professionals.
Janet Leigh was an actress.
Home for the Holidays stars a producer from the United States.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) stars Seo Kang-joon.
Southpaw is a sports drama film.
The Colosseum is in Beijing.
The Cretaceous is a Paleogene extinction event in 2001.
Byron Howard turned down the opportunity to direct the film Zootopia in favor of becoming a wizard.
Paramore is Canadian.
James Jones missed the playoffs once in 2007-2008.
Savages is an American thriller film.
Soul Foods was produced only by Tracey Edmonds.
Fist of Legend is an original film.
Stephen Hillenburg has always hated the ocean.
Brad Wilk died before starting his career as a drummer.
Michelin Guides have been published for more than a decade.
Paramore is from America.
The horse was not called a Eohippus when it had multiple toes.
Jason Katims is credited as Roswell's producer.
Touchscreens are used in tablet gaming computers.
Thomas Jefferson helped to organize a political party.
Winter's Tale was released in 1983.
Tenacious D is made up of zero Americans.
Chile is in the western hemisphere.
Exercise is good for heart health.
Mount Rushmore was built by Gutzon Borglum and his son Lincoln Borglum in the twentieth century.
Luke Cage appeared in a comic book series Luke Cage, Hero for Hire.
Rio's 2013 sequel is called Rio 2.
Al Jardine is a rhythm guitarist.
Buffy Summers appears in a book.
The Godfather Part II featured an Academy Award for Best Actor nominated performance by Al Pacino.
Qui-Gon Jinn is portrayed by an actor.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev had a male sibling.
Black Canary is a fictional character.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton made him President.
Tim McGraw had a supporting role in a film.
Southampton F.C. has won a competition.
Brick (film) is a mystery television show only.
Efraim Diveroli is a Spaniard.
Johnny Galecki only acted in NBC shows.
The CONCACAF Champions League is rarely organized for football clubs in Central America.
Football is a sport that Terry Crews played professionally.
Don Hall is Canadian.
Giada at Home was aired only on PBS.
Gordan Ramsay was ranked the 22nd highest earning celebrity in the world in 2015.
Pearl Jam is not a band.
Pharrell Williams is a person.
Bones is solely a television pitch.
Diana, Princess of Wales's father inherited the title of Earl Spencer.
Noel Fisher portrayed a fictional character.
John Deighton developed swelling of the legs.
Angelsberg had a population of 283 in the Middle Ages.
James VI and I was a leader.
Poldark has been commissioned for a third video game.
The United Nations Charter was signed in Germany.
Prescott, Arizona is an album.
100 percent of the University of Mississippi's students come from Mississippi.
So You Think You Can Dance was canceled on July 20th, 2005.
Don Bradman was an athlete.
Aunt May is a character that appeared in media adaptations of a type of creative work.
Wildfang was established in Portland, Oregon.
Dub music is a genre of film.
Keith Urban was only released on October 1, 1991.
Avenged Sevenfold is an album by an American jazz band.
Libya is the smallest country in the world.
The Mod Squad is an American television series.
The dress was online.
The Palace of Caserta is near Naples.
Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was filmed in France.
The Cretaceous is an event.
The Daily Show is comedy focused.
The Bermuda Triangle is known by no other name.
A Milli is an album rather than a song.
Goosebumps (film) was written by Darren Lemke in 2000.
Luke Cage is a superhero.
Edison Machine Works was founded to make big motors running on electricity.
Wilhelmina Slater name at birth was Wanda Smith.
Shooter stars Robin Williams in the lead role.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Herculaneum lie two hundred miles from Naples.
Bhagat Singh was Indian.
A Floppy disk is unrelated to disk storage.
Human trafficking is the trade of animals.
Luis Fonsi was born in 1978.
Gordan Ramsay has not had apprentices.
Seohyun is only a cook.
Bessie Smith has American citizenship.
The dress inspired fresh insights into human color vision.
Awkward Black Girl is an American comedy web series on YouTube.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was held on July 4th.
Jens Stoltenberg only served one term as Prime Minister of Norway.
Scotty Moore was only a mechanical engineer.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was banned by Sonny Digital.
Henry II of France died in a tournament held to celebrate the Treaty of Versailles.
Excuse My French is an album.
Blue Jasmine is about a rich Bostonian socialite who falls on hard times.
The Hindu Kush remains below sea level for its entire breadth.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired on the month of September.
A person who was known for his work in mass spectrometry discovered Uranium-235.
After Chechen-Ingush ASSR split into two, Ingushetia was established.
Netflix is who Trollhunters was created for.
Black Canary is real.
Wales is an island.
From 2005 to 2013 Jens Stoltenberg was Prime Minister of Norway.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded in 1990.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around Dundee.
Garden State was an official selection.
Stephen Hillenburg  developed an interest in art and the ocean.
Touchscreens are only used in computers.
Bessie Smith died.
Marjorie Gross was a film writer.
Anushka Sharma won a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Keith Urban and was released in 1999.
Jamie Murray is a winner.
TakePart is unaffiliated with any motion picture studio.
Brad Wilk was a musician for Greta.
Saturn is smaller than Jupiter.
Sexual slavery is a reason for human trafficking.
The King and I is based on a novel by an American writer born in 1908.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by Chris Renaud.
Tiber Oil Field is operated by BP.
Valencia is in the country of Spain.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was born in the 1700's.
Roswell is exclusively a mystery TV series.
The Indian Army is composed of more than 80% of India's currently employed members of the armed forces.
Bullitt is a thriller film directed by Peter Yates.
Mick Thomson was born in Ohio.
Black Canary is a character in comic books published by an American entrepreneur.
Fist of Legend is a remake of Enter the Dragon.
No Country for Old Men was chosen as the highest acclaimed of 2007 by the National Board of Review.
Angela Bassett received a bachelor of arts degree from Harvard University.
Johnny Galecki has appeared in just one American sitcom.
Jenna Jameson has been photographed.
A Milli is a church.
Shadowhunters began its second season on January 8, 2017.
The Bahamas is a city.
Matthias Corvinus had one of the largest collections of books in Europe during the Enlightenment.
Raees (film) features Nawazuddin Siddiqui in a lead role.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the early 1980's.
Saturn Corporation was established in April.
Harold Macmillan died on Monday December 29, 1986.
Renato Balestra came from a family of mechanics.
Rachel Green is one of the six main characters in the sitcom Friends aired in the 1990s.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from a novel written by a Belgian novelist.
Julianne Moore was in the film As the World Turns.
Numb was banned from all Linkin Park DLC's for video games.
In a Lonely Place was based on a novel.
Tie Your Mother Down was on the Billboard charts.
Premam had a theatrical run of 151 days in 2012.
Danger UXB is from 1980.
Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in Seaside Heights, New Jersey.
Yale University's alumni includes five U.S. Presidents.
Philomena is a TV show.
Dan O'Bannon was a German.
Mary of Teck's son married a Wallis Simpson.
Kuching is a politician in Malaysia.
Angela Bassett received a master of fine arts degree.
CHiPs is an American romance film.
Connie Nielsen played the role of Meredith Kane in Boss.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted by William Goldman.
Black Canary is nonfiction.
Melancholia's director was Lars von Trier.
Carlos Santana was ignored by critics in the nineties.
The Cretaceous is a Paleogene extinction event.
Vijaya Productions was the producer of Veeram.
The 28th is the day when the series finale of Larry the Cable Guy aired.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Pompeii lie near Naples.
Avenged Sevenfold is an album by a band from California.
The Chagatai language went extinct in the 1990s.
Harris Jayaraj was born in January of 1975.
Dub music is a genre of music that grew out of reggae.
South African Communist Party is part of the Congress of South African Trade Unions.
Eddie Guerrero experienced alcoholism.
The Battle of France was the German invasion of France.
Trollhunters was only created for Hulu.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in any year except 2009.
Vedam is a 2010 Indian drama film.
The Mod Squad is a Peruvian television series.
Bermuda Triangle is also referred to as the Devil's Triangle.
Bermuda Triangle is where things have disappeared.
Shawn Carlson was born in 1920.
Drake Bell attended A Reminder.
Bessie Smith sang the blues.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was informally abbreviated to BBC.
The religion of Mike Huckabee is Southern Baptism.
Brick (film) is an American television show.
TakePart is a division of a school.
PacSun sells products designed for young adults.
Wish Upon was released in March of 2017.
Richard Dawkins has yet to be awarded any academic awards.
Appropriation (art) involves math.
Nicholas Brody is played by the actor of the same name.
The Mighty Ducks was only produced by Sony Pictures.
Christa McAuliffe refused to ever work as a teacher.
Leonard Nimoy was in Civilization IV.
AMGTV does not have entertainment television programming.
Match Point was a personal essay about Woody Allen.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are incapable of being fashion designers.
Marnie is a film that was created in the United States.
Rick Yune has only ever been in cinematic film.
Kelly Preston was in multiple job positions.
Stan Beeman is a historical figure.
X-Men: Apocalypse is a work.
Rio's sequel was released on a date during the 21st century.
The Indian Army comprises more than 70% of the country's active defense personnel.
The Concert for Bangladesh was attended by 40,000 sheets.
Wilhelmina Slater is portrayed in a period romance television series.
Janet Leigh was incapable of singing.
Harris Jayaraj is a film composer.
Randy Savage is a basketball player.
Home for the Holidays stars an American actor.
Colombiana is a German film.
Colombiana was only directed by Ron Howard.
Michigan is the largest country by total area east of the Mississippi River.
Richard Linklater's goose plays Mason's sister.
The western part of the Atlantic Ocean is the location of the Bermuda Triangle.
Forceps are an instrument that is unable to be handheld.
Augustus died in 14 AD.
The Daily Show is incapable of focusing on political figures.
Youtube has been ranked by a company.
The Bahamas is unknown.
Tripartite Alliance is a part of the South African Communist Party.
Carlos Santana was born in the forties.
Heavy Metal music was first developed in the late 1960's.
Herculaneum's ruins are near Naples.
Philomena is a film nominated for seven awards.
Jackie (2016 film) was written by Peter Jackson.
Ernest Medina was tried by a court-martial in 1971.
Ann Richards was the head of the executive branch of Texas's government.
Kerplunk was the last album by Green Day released through Lookout Records.
Highway to Heaven ran until 1999.
PacSun sells accessories.
Ripon College is in hell.
Saturn Corporation is also known as a balloon.
Soul Food was produced by Kenneth Edmonds.
TakePart is unrelated to Participant Media.
Britt Robertson is an entertainer.
The second-largest planet in the Solar System is Saturn.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash stars an actor that died in 1961.
Mogadishu is a city.
Graffiti is solely a Trey Songz album.
The Sterile Cuckoo was directed by Martin Scorsese.
Penguin Books is a whore house.
Taylor Lautner was unable to appear on My Wife and Kids.
Michael Vick is a former football player.
Manmohan Singh was only a prime minister before Jawaharlal Nehru.
Jerry Robinson mentored Steve Ditko.
A Milli is by Justin Bieber.
Rachel Green is a real life character.
Anne Rice lived in San Fransisco.
Shadowhunters premiered in the 21st century.
I Kissed a Girl is only part of the album Things Fall Apart.
Knocked Up is a motion picture.
Easy A is teen comedy movie from the United States.
Artpop was only Gaga's fifth consecutive number-one record in the United States.
Henry II of France suffered an untimely death.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was born in February 1748.
Stadium Arcadium failed to be nominated for Grammies.
Yale University's alumni includes zero U.S. Presidents.
Girl is by an American singer.
X-Men: Apocalypse had a story.
Stuart Rosenberg refused to direct Brubaker.
Flaked was renewed for a six episode season.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash stars Eddie Murphy.
Bongwater was based on a book.
The Beach was adapted for film by John Hodge.
Superhero name Captain America uses the Captain America's shield.
Dreamer (2005 film) is an American 2005 television show.
Cher is Cher's eighteenth album.
Craig David was nominated for Grammy Awards.
Rupert Murdoch never formed BSkyB.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote a screenplay.
Tiber Oil Field was discovered in September 1909.
Mike Huckabee hosts Huckabee, a daytime talk show.
The Armenian Genocide took place outside the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Turkey.
The Concert for Bangladesh generated awareness and considerable money.
Pharrell Williams plays an instrument.
The undergraduate college of Harvard University became coeducational after its merger with Boston College.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton made him the 22nd Super Bowl Most Valuable Player.
XHamster is a novelization.
Season 2 of Fargo takes place in Midwestern Canada.
Marnie is a romantic film.
Brad Wilk was a member of Greta in 1990.
Lalla Ward is a writer.
Knocked Up is a podcast.
Civilization IV is a board game.
Miracle at St. Anna is set during a war.
Rage Against the Machine is a band.
Basildon is in Denmark.
Alice Cooper's full name is Vincent Damon Furnier.
Moonlight's filming did not begin in 2015.
A Grammy winner is Robert Lopez.
Yale University's alumni doesn't include heads of state.
The Battle of France was the Polish invasion of France.
The Disaster Artist (film) is 8 years old.
Finding Dory was directed by Angus MacLane.
Southampton F.C. has won the FA Cup.
AMGTV is an adult-oriented television network.
Scotty Moore was born on December 17, 1931.
Pearl Jam is a type of dressing.
Awkward Black Girl is without a star.
Luis Fonsi is exclusively an actor.
Magic Johnson was a basketball player for the Lakers.
Rick Yune was on a series that cancelled on December 13.
Roland Emmerich is an inactive campaigner.
Swordfish (film) is a film that is about someone that works with computers.
Gin is not a spirit.
Artpop debuted at number one on a list.
Veeram is a film from 2014.
House contains a character played by Omar Epps.
Luis Fonsi is Chinese.
Mogadishu is a movie.
Brick (film) is an American film.
Stanley Williams died in 2007.
West Ham United F.C. was founded.
CHiPs is an American comedy novel.
Sebastian Stan had a role in a TV production.
Daggering is a self defense form.
Premam didn't have a theatrical run in Kerala.
Yale University's alumni includes 19 justices.
Joe Walsh was inducted in 2001.
Villa Park refused to host the 90th FA Community Shield.
Jennifer Lopez made an album.
The Bassoon King is the full title a book.
Mason Evans, Jr. grows up in Idaho.
Creedence Clearwater Revival did not have John Fogerty as lead vocalist and guitarist.
The Chagatai language was the shared literary language of Central Asia until the 19th century.
Pearl Jam is a band.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place in a boat.
60 percent of the University of Mississippi's students come from Mississippi, of which 23 percent are minorities.
The Wallace only mentions events that actually happened.
XHamster's The Sex Factor makes eight men and eight women compete to become a novelist.
Season 2 of Fargo takes place everywhere but the Midwestern United States.
Trollhunters is only hand-drawn.
Harris Jayaraj is exclusively a teacher.
Rick Yune has appeared only exclusively on radio.
Soyuz was part of the Soviet space program.
Roswell is an Azerbaijani TV series.
Fist of Legend is a 1972 movie's remake.
Stan Beeman is a fictional setting.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) stars Batman.
Bradley Fuller is partners with Michael Bay.
Saturn Corporation is a subsidiary of no other entities.
Folklore excludes proverbs.
The Bassoon King is based in reality.
Tremont Street Subway is incapable of being part of the MBTA.
Matteo Renzi was Prime Minister of a country.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character in a novel written by a Spanish writer born in the 17th century.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place outside Munich.
Camden, New Jersey is a country.
Pirates of the Caribbean has yet to make it to Tokyo Disneyland.
Bhagat Singh was a revolutionary.
Ashton Kutcher is a romantic comedy actor.
Mud refused to hire Reese Witherspoon.
Aristotle tutored Philip II of Macedon.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Intrepid Pictures.
Johanna Braddy acted in a TV series on Lifetime.
Buffy Summers has been portrayed only by Kristy Swanson.
Ann Richards was a governor for four years.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev once took part in a shootout with the police.
Swordfish (film) is a film that is about a person who likes fluffy swordfishes only.
Fist of Legend is an original film.
Norman Jewison directed The Cincinnati Kid.
Pirates of the Caribbean is in Disneyland Paris.
Margaret Thatcher was the first woman to lead a major political party in the United Kingdom.
There were grammies won by Stadium Arcadium.
House ran for 9 seasons.
Paramore is from an island.
Chile is a nation.
Carlos Santana is a guitarist.
Exercise raises resting heart rate in the long term.
Homer Hickman has written memoirs.
Always is an American website.
Ron Weasley's blood is pure.
Michaela Watkins is incapable of humor.
Homer Hickman has written best selling historical fiction novels.
Youtube is ranked as the fourth most popular site in the world.
Ralph Fults was born January 23 1911 and died in 1999.
Jens Stoltenberg was Prime Minister of Canada from 2000 to 2001.
Camden, New Jersey is the location of Cooper Medical School.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the 1960's.
The United Nations Charter is the foundational declaration of war of the United Nations.
Southpaw was written by Kurt Sutter.
The Concert for Bangladesh raised close to $250,000 for Haiti relief.
The Bassoon King's writer is Rainn Wilson.
Harvard University is small.
The Battle of France was a German invasion.
The Mighty Ducks was produced by Waluigi.
Paramore is not from Tennessee.
Aaron Burr's final year of vice presidency was 1901.
Drake Bell has yet to release anything.
West Ham United F.C. was founded in this century.
Only forced labor slavery is a reason for human trafficking.
The 15th was the day the Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew on.
Ed Wood is about the eponymous wrestler.
Civilization IV is a game in the turn-based strategy genre.
Beaverton, Oregon's city center is ninety miles west of downtown Portland.
Bethany Hamilton wasn't a surfer.
Helmand Province has an airport.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character.
Aarhus is located on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula.
Danny Brown is incapable of being a musician.
Barry Van Dyke is the oldest son of Dick Van Dyke.
Chris Kyle was born on April 8, 1974.
Life is only applicable to inanimate objects.
West Virginia borders Kentucky.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series has been received by Omar Epps.
Don Bradman had anything but declining years.
A View to a Kill is a romance movie.
Don Bradman's status was recognized only 50 years before his retirement.
Motion is good for heart health.
Richard Dawkins makes regular internet appearances.
Brad Wilk was a drummer for a band.
There are people that can be classified as monks.
Happiness in Slavery is a musical work.
Ernest Medina was uninvolved in the My Lai Massacre.
Penguin Books revolutionized publishing.
XHamster puts into production a reality series.
Live Through This is an anthology.
Brubaker is a 2007 drama.
A monk lives alone or with other types of people.
Michaela Watkins full name is Michaela Suzanne Watkins.
Despicable Me 2 was written by a lake.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around a city in Scotland.
Speech recognition incorporates knowledge and research in electrical engineering.
Mogadishu is a village.
Edmund H. North won an Academy Award for Best Screenplay.
Brick (film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
Nicholas Brody only appears on basic cable.
John Glen directs A View to a Kill.
Queen (band) is a British gospel group.
The Daily Show described itself as a credible news program.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is based off of a book.
House is a Fox prime-time drama.
Shawn Carlson is a German physicist.
Tenacious D began in California.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament.
Caroline Kennedy from 2013 to 2017 served as United States Ambassador to Japan.
Bruce Shand was awarded the Military Cross.
History of Earth dates back billions of years.
Sam Claflin was not in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides.
The Bahamas is an internationally recognized state that comprises a series of landlocked areas that form an archipelago.
Miranda Otto began her fishing career in 1986.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was established as the South Jersey Law School in 1926.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is the highest honor given by NASA.
PacSun sells products.
Colombiana was only produced by George Lucas.
There is a film called Daag.
Finding Dory was written by anyone except Victoria Strouse.
Polynesian languages include Tahitian, Sāmoan, Tongan, Māori and Hawaiian.
Bongwater follows the story of a drug dealer.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis only starts around the age of 70
Blue Jasmine has Cate Blanchett directing it.
Gordon Ramsay has employed cooks.
Philomena was nominated.
Happiness in Slavery is a song.
"Love the Way You Lie" was on the Billboard Hot 100 for seven weeks.
AMGTV has sports television programming.
Graffiti was released in 2007.
Jackpot was released in 2000.
Tool has performed tours.
Saxony is the sixth least populous German state.
Always is about a British actress.
Marnie is a film.
L.A. Reid has been the president of Arista Records.
A View to a Kill features songs from Slipknot.
The dress did not inspire fresh insights into human color vision.
Starrcade was a one-time-only professional wrestling event.
Michigan is the least populous of the 50 United States.
New Orleans Pelicans compete the southwest Division of the NBA.
Sean Penn has acted in 13 films.
A working animal is wild only.
Camden, New Jersey is in a county in New Jersey.
Diwali supports ignorance over knowledge.
Lost (TV series) is a series of plays.
Kellyanne Conway has been embroiled in a series of controversies.
Living monastically is done by monks.
Shivaay was the first Bollywood film with Sayyeshaa.
EA Black Box was based outside of Canada.
Terry Crews played professional hockey.
The Washington Wizards have won seven seasons of American Idol.
Swordfish (film) is a film that is about an ex-convict.
Richard Dawkins has yet to appear on the radio.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 145,170 according to the 1999 AAA TourBook.
Harold Macmillan was born on February 10, 1794.
Miracle at St. Anna is set in German-occupied Europe during WWII.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
Meteora is a country album.
Capsicum chinense is a species of chili pepper.
The final season of Lost was watched by an average of 11 million viewers per episode.
Eva Green did not have a career in theatre.
Bethany Hamilton's biopic had a director.
DJ Quik has only ever been a plumber his whole life.
Finding Dory was penned by Andrew Stanton.
Angelsberg is located in Luxembourg.
EA Black Box was a coach.
Poseidon lost $181,674,817.
Youtube is a hotel.
Poldark has three series.
Diana, Princess of Wales became known as Lady Diana Thatcher.
In the Cretaceous pterosaurs and large marine reptiles died out.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place at the Globe Theatre.
The Cry of the Owl is based on a book.
Premam had a theatrical run of 259 days in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
G I R L is the stylized form of Girl.
The playoffs were only missed by James Jones once.
Wildfang was founded.
Tie Your Mother Down was released as a single.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for England and Scotland.
Rupert Murdoch has control of 21st Century Fox.
Randy Savage is a professional at a fighting sport.
Gin derives its main flavour from snow.
Southpaw was written by a person.
Down With Love is a romantic movie.
Marco Polo was a person.
Anushka Sharma won an award.
Highway to Heaven is an American mob.
Ed Wood is not a movie.
Sayyeshaa starred in Akhil.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
Steve Ditko has only ever studied in Boston.
Smriti Mandhana was born in August.
Noel Fisher starred in Shameless and gained acclaim.
The Beach was released in 2000.
Sleipnir appears nowhere.
There is a film that is about a person name Stanley Jobson titled Swordfish (film).
The Mod Squad ran on ABC from 1968 to 1973.
Easy A was directed by 2013.
Miracle at St. Anna is set primarily in Tuscany.
Tool is a rock band that formed in 1990.
The Mighty Ducks was produced by Lucasfilm.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was commanded by a person.
The Beach exclusively falls under the comedy genre.
I Kissed a Girl is part of Katy Perry's second studio sandwich.
Henry VIII (TV serial) has an all-female cast.
Chris Kyle died on February 2, 2013.
Kellogg's products are marketed in only one country.
South African Communist Party is a trades partner.
Saturn Corporation is popularly referred to as Saturn LLC.
The Washington Wizards lost the conference title in 1975.
Ed Wood is a film.
Finding Dory was directed by Ingmar Bergman.
Ann Richards was the head of the executive branch of Texas's baseball team.
Finding Dory was written by Andrei Zvyagintsev.
TakePart is a division of 20th Century Fox.
Richard Dawkins has been awarded prestigious film awards.
In 1971 the American record label asylum Records was founded.
Meteora is not an album by Linkin Park.
Awkward Black Girl is a Pakistani comedy web series.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is only a TV show.
Michael Vick's maiden name is Dwayne.
A River Runs Through It is a single picture.
Trevor Griffiths is only a novelist.
Live Through This has sold less than 1.6 million copies.
The White House Press Secretary is a junior official.
Ian Brennan has no role in media creation.
Heavy Metal music is a genre of rock paintings.
Connie Nielsen played an unnamed character on Boss.
Buffy Summers appears in a recorded work.
Match Point explores exclusively the role of misfortune in life.
An example of a virus is rabies.
Wales' population rapidly declined.
Michael Vick graduated college on June 26th, 1980.
Guillermo del Toro is not Mexican.
Avenged Sevenfold is by a British band.
The Washington Wizards have won four division titles.
Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is part of a series.
Anushka Sharma is a winner of a Filmfare Award.
Avenged Sevenfold was released in 2002.
Joe Rogan did not move to Los Angeles in 1994.
Richard Dawkins makes regular radio appearances.
Mount Rushmore was built by Tim Howd and his pet snake Lincoln Borglum.
Edmund H. North was British.
Daag is a movie.
Psych is neither a drama nor comedy.
Melancholia is a disease.
Jim Broadbent is involved with Game of Thrones (season 7).
Syracuse, New York, had a sparse metropolitan population of three hundred fifty in 2010.
Winter's Tale was published in 1970.
Wish Upon was not released in 2017.
Kellyanne Conway referenced something which never occurred, called the "Bowling Green massacre."
The Penibaetic System is also called a system of mountain ranges.
Tylenol is advertised for increasing pain.
Home for the Holidays stars an actor.
Fidel Castro transferred his responsibilities.
Anne Sullivan was born on April 12 1866.
West Ham United F.C. is a club.
Meteora is not an album by an American band.
Rabies is infectious.
Miracle at St. Anna tells the story of four soldiers in a Tuscan village.
CHiPs was written by Dax Shepard.
Appropriation (art) played a significant role in performing arts.
Wildfang was founded by Emma Mcilroy and Julia Parsley in 2001.
Aarhus is in the geographical center of Denmark.
AMGTV does not have sports television programming.
Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in New Jersey.
Colin Kaepernick is a football player.
Capitol Nashville released Keith Urban.
Bethany Hamilton's biopic was directed by Sean McNamara.
Tim McGraw had a supporting role in Friday Night Lights.
The United Nations Charter was vetoed in San Francisco, United States.
The 14th Dalai Lama resides in India.
Fist of Legend is a remake of another movie.
The Bloods have distinctive hand signals.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a disease that usually starts around the age of 60.
Stan Beeman is in a show on CBS.
Michigan is the largest state.
One of the founders of San Diego Comic-Con was not Richard Alf.
Barry Van Dyke is the second son of American actor Dick Van Dyke.
Brubaker is a Korean film.
Kleshas are mental games.
Rabbta (song) is a Hindi song from a 2016 Bollywood film.
Polar bears depend on the Arctic Ocean as their main food source.
Private Lives is a comedy of manners from 1930 by Noel Coward.
Private Lives is a two act comedy from 1930.
In California, Stephen Hillenburg was raised.
Speech recognition incorporates two things into multiple fields.
Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States was Artpop.
The Sterile Cuckoo was directed by Tim Burton.
The Greek language is spoken only outside of Greece.
Dreamer (2005 film) was written by Michael Bay only.
Ingushetia was established on the 4th.
Phillip Glass has written musical theatre works.
Jackpot is a film released on December 13, 2013.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was founded as the South Jersey Law School in 1920.
Finding Dory was directed by an American.
Ralph Fults was born January 23 1911 and died in March of 1993.
Buffy Summers has been portrayed by an actress.
Saxony is only a town.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 80s film Stoker.
Trollhunters was produced by Adam Sandler.
Margaret Thatcher was a squid.
The Beach is a film that falls under the adventure drama genre.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized for dead bodies.
At least one resident of each of the five New York City boroughs is included in the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
Seven miles west of downtown Portland is the city center of Beaverton, Oregon.
Danny Brown released two music studio albums.
Starrcade was an annual professional wrestling event.
Wales has a large region rich in coal deposits called the South Wales Coalfield.
Daggering is incapable of being a form of dance.
In the End was the only track on Hybrid Theory.
Bonn is the birthplace of Ludwig van Beethoven.
Brian Michael Bendis has worked in the movie industry.
Martin Van Buren was exclusively unelected.
Angelsberg is a place.
Wilhelmina Slater is portrayed only in comedy-drama radio.
EA Black Box was founded in 1999.
NRG Recording Studios is located in California.
Victoria Palace Theatre is on the same side as a central London railway terminus.
Danger UXB is a TV show.
Atlanta, Georgia is a place where Due Date was shot.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the 1970's.
Trevor Griffiths was born in a city.
CHiPs was created in 1944.
Melancholia was directed by Bob Dole.
I Kissed a Girl is only an EP.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was not active in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 145,170 in the Census.
Margaret Thatcher was the earliest woman to lead a major political party in the UK.
Richard Dawkins has been awarded prestigious awards.
Kuching is the most populous city in Sarawak.
Mike Huckabee was Governor of Arkansas.
Appropriation (art) played a significant role in visual arts.
Osamu Tezuka has a mother.
The Indian Army is an armed force.
The Penibaetic System is a system of oceans.
Fidel Castro has a brother called Raúl Castro.
Mickey Rourke only appears in a films he writes alone.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was released in New Zealand in 1982.
Marnie is a film.
A View to a Kill is a James Bond movie.
Blue Jasmine is a film.
Ed Wood is a TV show.
Trevor Griffiths was born on April 4, 1935.
Henry II of France died in an archery tournament.
James VI and I was a person.
Janet Leigh was incapable of acting.
Wildfang was founded in 2000.
Advertising is used to sell an ideology.
The Indian Army comprises a lot of people.
Diana, Princess of Wales's father inherited the title of Duke of Wellington.
Thomas Jefferson did not found the University of Virginia.
So You Think You Can Dance is only a film.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was directed by Ron Underwood.
Fist of Legend is a remake.
Exercise is beneficial for heart health.
The horse was domesticated on a broad scale by 3000 BC.
Hot Right Now is from the album Escape from Planet Monday.
Colin Kaepernick is a starter for the San Francisco 49ers.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for The Canyons and he was criticized.
Artpop only debuted at number three on the United States Billboard 200.
Telemundo is located in Georgia.
Sancho Panza is a main character in Don Quixote.
Kenneth Lonergan is a writer of screenplays.
Brian Michael Bendis has worked in media.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is awarded by the First Lady.
Chile is a food.
T2 Trainspotting copied a 2017 British comedy drama film.
Paramore is from Texas.
The Quran is a religious text.
The Wallace is a literary work.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was a single released in 1982.
Blue Jasmine has Sally Hawkins directing it.
Edmund H. North was born June 12, 1911.
Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was filmed in Super 8.
TakePart is the digital division of Participant Media.
New Orleans Pelicans compete the southwest Division of the NBA's Western Conference.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on July 8th, 2005.
West Virginia borders Ohio and Florida to the northwest.
Increased number of elderly and obese people could be why there is a rise on rates of endometrial cancer.
The Colosseum is a wrestler from Italy.
Luis Fonsi does not go by his given name on stage.
In August 1991, Brad Wilk co-founded Rage.
Lalla Ward was born in 1951.
Fist of Legend is based on a Stephen Spielberg film.
The Penibaetic System is an organization of cattle ranches.
The human brain lacks a sleep regulating structure.
Christa McAuliffe was a high school social studies teacher.
Boyhood was carved from 2002 to 2013.
Terry Crews played professional football.
The Quran is Buddhist.
Camden, New Jersey is the first home of Cooper Medical School.
Philomena is American.
Marco Polo traveled to medieval China.
The Winds of Winter is not an episode.
Kentucky is famous for its bourbon distilleries.
Alice Cooper's real name is Vincent Damon Furnier.
The Quran is an Islamic religious text.
Edmund H. North was a screenwriter.
Fist of Legend is a remake of a poem by Lo Wei.
Valencia is in America.
Highway to Heaven is an American movie series.
Goosebumps (film) is based on a story by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski.
The Dark Tower is a series.
Home for the Holidays stars an American producer.
Dreamer (2005 film) is a Canadian sports film.
Libya is the 13th largest country in the world.
An industrial rock band is responsible for the song Happiness in Slavery.
Matteo Renzi has only ever been a plumber.
Girls' Generation was incapable of covering the song Rhythm Nation.
Larry Wilmore is an actor.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released in 2006.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was all filmed in China.
Rupert Murdoch has worked.
Marcus Bentley finished college on October 4th, 1967.
Duff McKagan refused to ever be a musician.
Johnny Galecki played an uneducated character in The Big Bang Theory.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 2015 Stoker.
Joe Walsh was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) peaked at number 10 on the New Zealand Singles chart.
Veeram was in competition with Vijaya Productions.
Roland Emmerich is gay.
Matteo Renzi was conceived on January 11th, 1975.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was only known for discovering uranium.
New Orleans is the birthplace of Anne Rice.
Colin Kaepernick is a starting quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers.
Michigan is an Indian state.
The Quran is Wiccan.
CHiPs is based on a TV series.
Lost won awards.
Nicholas Brody is a non-fictional character.
Libya is one of the top ten largest countries on its continent.
Efraim Diveroli had a four-year sentence.
The horse has not grown in size as it evolved.
Brad Wilk died before being a drummer for Greta.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev had a sibling.
Marcus Bentley was born on November 5th, 1267.
Always features only animals.
House ended after its pilot.
Henry II of France died in a tournament held to celebrate the autumn.
Tom Baker is incapable of having any acting roles.
TV Choice goes on sale once a month.
AMGTV has science fiction television programming.
The Battle of France happened during a war.
The United Nations Charter was signed in San Francisco, United States in 1945.
Numb was part of a DLC for Rock Band 3.
Earl Scruggs was born in January.
Same Old Love is a work of music.
The Sterile Cuckoo was based on a novel written by John Nichols.
Joe Walsh was barely inducted in 2001.
Keith Urban is a Algerian pop music artist's second studio album.
You Belong with Me is a blues song.
Rachel Green is one of the six main characters in the sitcom Will and Grace.
Recovery is the third studio album by Marshall Mathers III.
Michigan is the smallest state by total area east of the Mississippi River.
Lithuania is where Lithuanians come from.
Diwali spiritually signifies knowledge over ignorance.
House is on ABC.
Tom DeLonge formed a band with Mark Hoppus and Scott Raynor, who was a bassist and a drummer, respectively.
The Quran is a religious text believed to be a revelation from Allah.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in May.
Australia (2008 film) production took place in a town and locality in the Whitsunday Region on the eastern coast of Queensland, Australia called Bowen.
Johnny Galecki acted in Roseanne for five years.
Ron Weasley is a member of Hufflepuff house.
Edmund H. North won an Academy Award.
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States in 2009.
Raees (film) has an all-American cast.
XHamster produces a web series.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen acted.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. is a football club.
Brazzers is based in Italy.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film written by John Glen.
Tenacious D was formed in 1942.
Uranium-235 was discovered by at least one physicist.
Kenneth Lonergan is only a producer.
Middle-earth was created by J. K. Rowling.
Luke Cage was featured as a protagonist in creative work.
Ann Richards was the head of the legislative branch of Texas's government.
Brubaker is a 1950 film.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized for dead bodies.
Guatemala civil right war was fought between the North and the South.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are also known as the Olsen twins when referred to collectively.
Noel Fisher appeared on Showtime.
Live Through This has sold over 1.6 million copies in the United States.
Prescott, Arizona is a county.
Middle-earth is a book.
Tie Your Mother Down was released.
On September 26, 1937 Bessie Smith died.
The United States regulates franchising.
Bessie Smith was a heavy metal singer.
Topman belongs to a British multinational retailing company.
"Love the Way You Lie" is Eminem's worst-selling single.
Ed Wood is about the eponymous filmmaker.
Kerplunk was released through a company other than Lookout Records.
Matteo Renzi served as Prime Minister of Italy for three years.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character in a novel written by an Australian writer born in 1616.
Edison Machine Works was barely a manufacturing company.
Helmand Province is the location of Lashkargah.
Terry Crews played in the MLB.
Australia (2008 film) production took place only in China.
Aleister Crowley was born on Mars.
Shawn Carlson writes about science.
Wilhelmina Slater is portrayed in a comedy-drama television series.
John Dolmayan is a musician.
Jackie (2016 film) was directed by Pablo Larrain.
Ashley Graham is a plus-size model.
The Faroe Islands disappeared in 1035.
The Greek language is spoken only outside of Albania.
Sikkim exhibits biodiversity.
The Concert for Bangladesh is recognized as a highly unsuccessful and minor humanitarian aid project.
Jenna Jameson worked as a stripper.
Chile is in Asia.
Daggering is a type of dance.
Stadium Arcadium was the last Red Hot Chili Pepper's album to feature John Frusciante.
Mary of Teck was a professional athlete.
NRG Recording Studios isn't a recording facility.
Winter's Tale is a book.
Daggering has connections to a genre of Jamaican music.
The New York Knicks compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Henry II of France died in a jousting tournament.
Scotty Moore was only German.
The Colosseum is in the United States.
Vedam stars only Canadian film actors and actresses.
Leonard Nimoy acted in a computer game.
The Bee Gees were producers of music.
Sancho Panza is a character who appears exclusively in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Aarhus is in Denmark.
Down with Love is a romantic comedy movie from 2003.
Chris Renaud directed Despicable Me 2.
Southpaw is an American hero.
The Chrysler Building is 30 meters tall.
The Faroe Islands were part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway between 1035 and 1814.
EA Black Box was founded in 1998.
Danger UXB is from 1981.
James VI and I was a major advocate of women's rights for Scotland.
Angelsberg is a city.
In 1936, Mary of Teck's son abdicated the throne.
Efraim Diveroli only had a three-year sentence.
Cadet Kelly is only a painting.
Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor engaged in war.
AMGTV is a network.
Youtube was ranked by Alexa Internet.
Andrew Kevin Walker is a writer.
In 1995 Oscar de la Hoya was named Fighter of the Year.
Performing arts has been significantly impacted by Appropriation (art).
In the End was released through Warner Bros entertainment company.
There are limbic structures in the human brain.
Francis I of France had the popular nickname Francis of the Large Nose.
Byron Howard was nominated for a Golden Globe for Zootopia, but lost to M. Night Shamalan.
Off the Wall won its singer a Grammy Award.
Saxony only has a population of 2 million people.
Brubaker's director was Stuart Rosenberg.
Anne Sullivan is known for being Helen Keller's teacher.
Savages had no director.
Asylum Records was first founded in 1787.
Rupert Murdoch is powerless over News Corp.
Valencia is in Valencia, Spain.
Harold Macmillan was involved with politics.
Michelin Guides were published for the first time in 1995.
Helmand Province has a domestic airport.
Eva Green made her film debut in a 2001 film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.
Hourglass was released in 1997.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of Rutgers University -- Camden.
Christa McAuliffe was a teacher at Concord High School.
Larry Wilmore is American.
Carlos Santana is a comedian.
Diana, Princess of Wales's funeral took place on September 6th, 1997.
Kuching is the capital and most populous city in Sarawak.
David Packouz does entrepreneurial pursuits.
Savages was exclusively a German film.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was a book released in 1982.
DJ Quik graduated college on January 18th, 1970.
Sam Claflin is not in Me Before You.
Civilization IV is a game.
Sean Penn is a film actor.
Jamie Murray is a three-time Grand Slam doubles winner and a Davis Cup champion.
Kim Jong-il is designated a posthumous title.
Camden, New Jersey has no universities.
Manmohan Singh was re-elected after completing a full five-year term in 2009.
Daggering originated in Jamaica.
Guatemala was in a civil war from 1960 to 1996.
DNA is uninvolved with Little Mix.
Girl is only by a recording engineer.
Mike Huckabee was Governor of Kansas.
Heavy Metal music was only developed in the early 1960's.
Larry Wilmore is a Gemini.
David Packouz was born in 1989.
St. Anger is the eighth studio album by an American heavy metal band.
Ripon College's student number totaled in at around 840.
Seohyun was born in 1991.
David Packouz is a sculptor.
Excuse My French is an American rapper's album.
During 1927 - 1941 Mount Rushmore was created.
Kellogg's is a manufacturer.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen.
Youtube is listed as the second most popular website on the planet.
Eric Church graduated from college on May 3, 1977.
Eva Green had a career.
Miranda Otto began her acting career in 1886.
Meteora is an album by Linkin Park.
The Good Wife is not on network television.
Stan Beeman is in The Americans.
Lalla Ward is an author.
Varsity Blues (film) had mixed critical reviews.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released in 2002.
The maximum elevation in the Hindu Kush is 7708 meters at K2.
One of the leading states for recreational boating is Michigan.
The Endless River is an album by a band formed in Tokyo.
A View to a Kill is the seventh James Bond movie.
Eva Green made her film debut in a film directed by Robin Williams.
The Bloods was founded in Los Angeles, California.
Roswell was developed by Jason Katims.
Taylor Lautner was on the program My Wife and Kids.
The French Resistance committed acts of sabotage on electric power grids.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy only stars Gary Oldman.
Miranda Otto has yet to begin her acting career.
Gordon Ramsay has not promoted any chefs.
I Kissed a Girl is a horse.
Phillip Glass has written concertos.
Christian Gottlob Neefe died in 1750.
The Endless River is an album by English rock band Pink Floyd.
Youtube is ranked as the second most popular site in the world.
The Others (2001 film) won awards.
Edison Machine Works was set up.
Alice Cooper was born on July 3rd, 1922.
Anne Rice was born in New Mexico.
A working animal is a living thing.
Roland Emmerich campaigns for the LGBT community.
Mount Rushmore was built by Gutzon Borglum and his son.
Lithuanians are of an ethnicity.
The Washington Wizards have won zero division titles.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was declared a suspect of the Boston bombing by the FBI.
Despicable Me 2 was produced exclusively by Yahoo.
Ernest Medina was acquitted in 1987.
The genre of Colombiana is action.
Michaela Watkins is only a singer.
The Bee Gees produced music.
Mick Thomson was in Slipknot.
Reign Over Me was released.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission consists of zero commissioners.
Pirates of the Caribbean has only 1 version in a single park.
Tennessee was the starting place of Paramore.
Liam Neeson received nominations for three Golden Globe Awards.
Bethany Hamilton was a victim of a shark attack.
Roar (song) is a Katy Perry song from her fifth album.
Stephen Hillenburg was born in Oklahoma.
The Daily Show focuses on old news stories.
The Bahamas is known by an official name.
Connie Nielsen played the role of Meredith Kane.
Ian Brennan directs.
A Milli is a song by Lil Wayne.
The Beach is an adventure drama film.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted by Alvin Sargent in 1980.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by Pierre Coffin in 2014.
Ingushetia was established after Chechen-Ingush ASSR split into two.
Brubaker has something to do with prison.
Melancholia is a movie which is a science fiction thriller.
In 1935, Uranium-235 was discovered.
A View to a Kill features Lois Maxwell as James Bond.
Life is separate from physical entities.
Stadium Arcadium was released in or before 1997.
Melancholia stars Bill Murray.
Rage Against the Machine performed at live venues and festivals.
The EP Broken contains Happiness in Slavery.
The Cry of the Owl is based on Patricia Highsmith's eighth novel "Push".
A View to a Kill features actors.
Harold Macmillan was born on Monday February 10, 1894.
Chris Kyle was a sniper and a veteran.
Matteo Renzi was once the Prime Minister of Italy.
Michigan is the eighth most populous of the 50 United States.
Eva Mendes is a person.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by Tim Burton.
Meteora is an album by Fall Out Boy.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of Epic Records.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series has been rejected by Omar Epps.
Some of the University of Mississippi's students are minorities.
Psych's protagonist is a dog.
Henry II of France did not die in a tournament.
Raabta (song) is a love Hindi song.
The Republic of Macedonia is far from Europe.
Tenacious D started in Texas.
Efraim Diveroli sold weapons.
Roar (song) is on the 2017 album Prism.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1971 by Jenifer Anniston.
Riddick is in a science fiction film.
Tremont Street Subway is a tunnel.
Eddie Guerrero had problems with substance abuse.
Jackpot is exclusively a novel.
TV Choice features programming listings.
Basildon's residents only work in the town.
Terry Crews played on a football team.
Fortunes of War stars the actor Kenneth Branagh.
Samwell Tarly appears in novels by George R. R. Martin.
Bethany Hamilton's biopic had Sean McNamara as director.
Always is an American romantic film.
Larry Wilmore is man.
Anne Rice was born in Birmingham.
AMGTV is a family-oriented comic book.
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun.
Aarhus is located on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula.
Anne Sullivan was born in June of 1866.
A Milli is a song by a jazz recording artist.
Soul Food was created in 1997.
Due Date was shot in northern New Mexico.
Diana, Princess of Wales's funeral did not start on September 6th, 1997.
The Bassoon King has the subtitle of My Life in Art, Faith, and Idiocy.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis starts later in inherited cases.
Seohyun is a squid.
Harold Macmillan died on December 29, 1986.
Tim McGraw played a role in The Blind Side.
Numb was released in a Linkin Park DLC for a video game.
Rabies is only spread through saliva.
Eric Church is unable to write songs.
Season 2 of Fargo takes place in 1982.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis can be inherited.
Omar Khadr was convicted.
Highway to Heaven is something other than a drama series.
Touchscreens are only used in tablet computers.
Sheryl Lee has yet to appear in a film.
The New York Knicks are in the Atlantic Division of the National Press Club's Eastern Conference.
Dan O'Bannon has only ever been plumber for a profession.
Awkward Black Girl features Issa Rae in a leading role.
The Concert for Bangladesh is seen as a highly successful and influential humanitarian aid project.
Mick Thomson was in a group.
Kim Jong-il was designated Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission after his death.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was active in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Psych takes place in California.
The horse did not begin to become domesticated around 4000 BC.
Southampton F.C. has never placed in the First Division.
Saturn Corporation is known by another name.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are launch codes.
Flaked was renewed for a six episode season, premiering in June 2017.
Janet Leigh was Canadian.
The Greek language is spoken only outside of Italy.
The dress was not investigated by scientists.
The Bloods have ambiguous hand signs.
There is a 2005 film called Brick (film).
Brubaker is without any element of drama.
On January 22nd, 1917, Bruce Shand was born .
The Endless River is an English rock band's album.
Matteo Renzi was born on March 22nd, 1908.
Gordon Ramsay has not hired chefs.
Diwali supports evil over good.
Earl Scruggs played bluegrass music.
Flaked was renewed for a season.
St. Anger was released by Elektra Records in 2002.
A monk only lives alone.
Harris Jayaraj is a stateless person.
The Penibaetic System is the southernmost of the three systems of mountain ranges in the Iberian Peninsula.
Rachel Green acted in every episode of Friends.
Byron Howard won a Golden Globe for Zootopia.
Ed Wood is a work.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) features a rapper.
Diwali spiritually signifies the defeat of light over darkness only.
Colombiana was directed by Olivier Megaton.
Buffy Summers has been portrayed by Kristy Swanson.
You Belong with Me was performed as part of a tour.
Kleshas manifest in exclusively wholesome actions.
Melancholia is only a romance film.
Libya is a country in Europe.
Bullitt is an album  produced by Phillip D'Antoni.
Trevor Griffiths was only born on April 14, 1935.
John Deighton had healthy legs his entire life.
Aristotle tutored Alexander the Great.
Due Date was shot in Los Angeles, Alabama.
The Cretaceous ended.
Eddie Murphy rejected all offers to star in The Adventures of Pluto Nash.
The album Cher was created by Cher.
A version of Despacito features Victor Manuelle.
Around the age of 60, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis usually starts.
TakePart is a division of an American film production company.
Stadium Arcadium was released.
In the End was released in 1700.
Capsicum chinense is known by another name.
Samwell Tarly makes zero appearances in Game of Thrones.
Harold Macmillan died on December 19, 1986.
The Penibaetic System is a system of mountain ranges.
The CONCACAF Champions League is rarely organized for the top football clubs.
Derek Hough starred in a work.
Meteora is a cartoon by Linkin Park.
Reign Over Me is a drama movie.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore offers a two year post graduate program.
Philomena was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards.
198 riders participated in the 2016 Tour  de France.
A River Runs Through It has lost every nomination.
James VI and I razed the Plantation of UIster.
Sleipnir has eight arms.
Geffen Records released Cher.
Brubaker is a 1950 film.
Melancholia is a science fiction thriller film starring Charlotte Gainsbourg.
Glee.com was first launched by Walmart in the spring of 2002.
Eddie Guerrero's problems were written into his storylines.
1804 was Aaron Burr's last year of vice presidency.
Rick Yune has only been cast in series that are still airing new episodes in 2017.
West Virginia borders Pennsylvania and Ohio to the north.
Riverdale is an original work.
Garden State was chosen in an official manner.
Luis Fonsi was born in the eighties.
Wildfang was founded in France.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was active in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Chile is one of South America's most prosperous nations.
Kerplunk was Green Day's second album with Tré Cool as their drummer.
Eddie Guerrero did not have issues.
Artpop was reviewed by dog critics.
The 16th largest country is Libya.
Danger UXB is a desk.
Ingushetia was established in 1994.
Brazzers is based in Canada.
Penguin Books is in the book business.
Bethany Hamilton wasn't a victim of a shark attack.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by a man.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was informally abbreviated.
Garden State was at the Sundance Film Festival and it is significant.
Robert Palmer (writer) has yet to write anything.
The Beach is based on a 1996 film.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) is a movie.
Trevor Griffiths is 45 years old.
Island Records was founded in 1960.
Excuse My French is an album by an German rapper.
Veeru Devgan choreographs stunts.
Saturn is the second-largest moon in the Solar System.
James Earl Jones is not known for his voice roles.
Colombiana was directed by Germans.
Anushka Sharma never starred in Band Baaja Baaraat.
West Virginia only borders Ohio to the southeast.
Glee.com was first launched in March of 2008.
After Jawaharlal Nehru, Manmohan Singh was a prime minister.
AMGTV has programming.
December was the month when Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew.
Lookout Records helped release Kerplunk.
There is a studio album called Girl.
Diwali is incapable of being a festival.
A Telugu drama movie starring Sayyeshaa was made.
Hot Right Now is a DJ Khalid single.
Homeland has a character named Nicholas Brody.
Swordfish (film) is a film that is about a type of person.
The Faroe Islands did not exist in 1035.
Sayyeshaa made her Bollywood debut in the 2016 film Shivaay.
The Daily Show described itself as a sports news program.
Hot Right Now is off of a DJ Fresh album.
Topman has shops around the UK.
Regina King is an actress.
The Indian Army is a military force.
Roland Emmerich is a closeted gay.
Physical entities must have self-sustaining processes to have the characteristic life.
Epistemology has nothing to do with understanding the justification of propositions and beliefs.
Yale University has had many alumni who were notable.
A Milli is by an Australian.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore refuses to offer an executive training program.
In 2003, Eva Green debuted in film.
Advertising is barely an audio form of marketing communication.
Beaverton, Oregon is only a shantytown.
Roar (song) is a song by Katy Perry.
Lost is a political party.
Southampton F.C. was second place in the First Division.
Margaret Thatcher was the first woman to lead a major political party in the 2000s.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are in the cell membranes of certain codes.
There is no written form of the Chagatai language.
Life is inapplicable to animate objects.
Advertising is an audio form of marketing communication.
Luis Fonsi is a Texan.
Harold Macmillan was born in 1894.
AMGTV has programming.
Highway to Heaven ran on television.
Eva Mendes was drafted in 1974.
The Columbia River contains locks for shipping channels.
The Columbia River is too small for shipping channels.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired in the year 2016.
The 14th Dalai Lama lives in India.
Sebastian Stan played the part of T.J. Hammond in Political Animals.
Avenged Sevenfold is the fourth studio album of an American heavy metal band.
Margaret Thatcher was not the most senior politician within the Conservative Party in the UK.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released.
Reign Over Me was not written and directed by Mike Binder.
Fortunes of War only had one actor in it and that was Emma Thompson.
Eddie Guerrero was addicted to alcohol.
Hindu Kush's highest point is the peak called Hindu Kush.
The Colosseum is in France.
Trevor Griffiths was born in an inner city area.
Henry II of France did not die.
A rapper was featured on a crossover hit by Chaka Khan.
Chris Kyle did not die on February 2, 2013.
Jayasudha was uncast from Daag.
The Mighty Ducks was distributed only by Netflix.
Brick (film) is an American adventure film.
Franchising is regulated in thirty-three countries, including Australia and the United States.
The Bloods are a primarily, though not exclusively, fish street gang.
Emma Watson was killed in 1990.
Don Hall is an employee of Walt Disney Animation Studios.
TV Choice is on at 3 pm weekly.
Bradley Fuller refuses to partner with Andrew Form.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was the second plane of an expedition.
The Bloods are identified by the blue color worn by their members.
Don Hall is American.
Sebastian Stan played a part in Political Animals.
Raabta (song) is a romantic Hindi movie.
Due Date was shot in Montana.
John Krasinski is a person.
There is a drama film called Jackie (2016 film).
In the End does not have piano in it.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1979 by David Geffen and partner Elliot Roberts.
Colombiana was produced by Olivier Megaton.
Knowledge and research in multiple fields is incorporated with Speech recognition.
Bessie Smith was a Russian spy.
Reign Over Me was written and directed by Mike Binder.
Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot in August.
Reign Over Me was written and directed by Mike Binder in 2001.
Harold Macmillan was a German politician.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized.
A Floppy disk is a disk storage type.
Arizona is not in the United States.
Marcus Bentley is from Australia.
Soul Food was released by spirits.
The dress was scientifically investigated.
There is a television show called Make It or Break It.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge started filming in September 1994.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been in a police shootout in Watertown.
Michaela Watkins was born December 14, 1971.
Harold Macmillan was from Great Britain.
Meteora is Linkin Park's third studio album.
Season 2 of Fargo takes place in the 1970s.
Fist of Legend is a direct sequel to Fist of Fury.
Seohyun was only born on July 28, 1991.
Victoria Palace Theatre is barely in the West End.
Aunt May is a character that made zero appearance in comics.
The Bee Gees wrote songs.
Carlos Santana exclusively played Britpop.
Giada at Home aired on July 14th, 2007.
Kerplunk is by Green Day.
Robert Lopez has zero Oscars.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was unable to get produced by Sonny Digital.
Ann Richards was the Governor of Texas from 1991 to 1995.
Wilhelmina Slater is a real person.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died of a pill overdose.
There is a film called Cadet Kelly.
Ripon College is outside Wisconsin.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt directed Brick (film).
Graffiti is an album by Chris Brown.
Marco Polo chronicled his experience of traveling to China.
Robert Lopez has four Oscars.
Sancho Panza is a character in a novel written by an author.
Story credit for Natural Born Killers went to Quentin Tarantino.
Angelsberg is a town in Luxembeourg.
Michelin Guides have been the definitive restaurant guide for more than a century.
Damon Albarn has released something.
Same Old Love is a song.
Harvard University has a campus.
Ann Richards was an Italian.
Taran Killam is a person.
Scotty Moore died on June 28, 2010.
BSkyB was formed by Rupert Murdoch.
Trollhunters is 3 years old.
Aristotle never visited Athens.
Henry VIII (TV serial) stars Richard Griffiths.
Eva Mendes has only ever been a singer.
Angelsberg is in Europe.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is notable only for its cast.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors exist in the cell membranes of other cells.
Colin Kaepernick was not backup to Alex Smith.
Eva Green acted in The Dreamers.
Winter's Tale is a novella.
Finding Dory was directed.
An American singer recorded I Kissed a Girl.
Camden, New Jersey is a village.
Anushka Sharma won a Filmfare Award.
Bethany Hamilton's autobiography was adapted into a film in 2014.
Island Records was founded by Chris Blackwell.
Mike Huckabee was Governor of Arkansas from 2000 to 2010.
Luc Besson produced Colombiana.
Rio's sequel is called Rio 3.
Glee.com was launched in America in 2007 by Community Connect Inc..
Harris Jayaraj is Indian.
The Greek language has speakers in Albania.
Kim Jong-il refused to be designated Eternal General Secretary.
Soul Food was produced by Tracey Edmonds.
Marnie was created in 2014.
Jason Katims has made no contributions to Roswell.
Lost is an American drama.
Capsicum chinense is native to the Americas.
Ernest Medina participated in the My Lai Massacre.
Margaret Thatcher avoids all involvement in politics.
Robert Lopez has won an award.
Hot Right Now is from the album Kryptonite.
St. Anger is a work of music.
Fist of Legend is a remake of Fist of Fury.
Wentworth Miller is yet to make his screenwriting debut.
DJ Quik was conceived on January 22nd, 1970.
The King and I is based on Anna and the King of Siam.
Bullitt is only a 1989 comedy.
John Deighton labored in California.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on August.
Ripon College is located in Wisconsin.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional Star Wars character.
Wildfang was founded in 2010.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded by Richard Alf.
Wildfang is a US-based women's apparel company featuring hats that are tomboyish in style.
Home for the Holidays stars an actress from the United States.
Youtube has been ranked by Alexa Internet.
The Bee Gees wrote music.
Season 2 of Fargo is unrelated to any of the other seasons.
Brazzers is based in Canada.
Saxony is the tenth largest German cat.
Soul Food was manufactured in 1930.
Luis Fonsi uses a pseudonym when performing.
Finding Dory was penned by Victoria Strouse.
So You Think You Can Dance is a book.
Villa Park hosted an event.
Kerplunk was Green Day's first of many albums on the Lookout Records label.
John Deighton was forced to pursue work.
The Washington Wizards lost the division title in 2017.
Randy Savage can speak.
One author is Lalla Ward.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut.
X-Men: Apocalypse was announced in 2013.
I Kissed a Girl was recorded by cats.
Stanley Williams died.
There is an Australian-American science fiction action comedy film called The Adventures of Pluto Nash.
Rupert Murdoch is a broadcaster, forming BSkyB.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere was attended by pelicans.
Middle-earth was created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Valencia is the capital of Valencia.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized by the NBA.
Ernest Medina was court martialed in 1971.
Bermuda Triangle is also known as the Devil's Triangle.
Kuching is in the state of Johor.
The Battle of France happened during World War II in the 1930s.
The French Resistance executed acts of sabotage on transport facilities.
Flaked is an unadapted novel.
Brazzers isn't a pornographic production company.
Humphrey Bogart is incapable of acting.
Miranda Otto is a daughter.
Tie Your Mother Down was from Queen's 1986 album.
Mike Huckabee is a folk religious figure with no official status.
Magic Johnson played basketball.
T2 Trainspotting is set in Aberdeen.
Ron Weasley is a character in the Harry Potter series.
Colombiana is a film.
Folklore excludes jokes.
The Residenztheater is where Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place.
The Dark Tower has remained unadapted to film.
Elderly population rates and endometrial cancer rates have nothing to do with each other.
Captain America's shield is used as a defensive equipment.
Asylum Records is a record label founded in 1971.
The Indian Army is an armed force which derives its strength from volunteers instead of conscription.
Stan Beeman is only in modern comedies.
Joe Walsh was brought into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame.
Daggering is nontraditional.
Swordfish (film) is incapable of being a film that is about a computer hacker.
Chile is not a nation.
The rate of endometrial cancer has changed.
Awkward Black Girl stars Issa Rae as Amber.
Brian Michael Bendis began teaching at the University of Oregon in fall of 2013.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is the highest award given by NASA.
Bruce Shand only has a first and last name.
Graffiti is a Bobby Brown album.
Finding Dory was written by Harry S. Truman.
Angela Bassett received zero degrees from Yale University.
Private Lives is a tragedy of manners by Noel Coward.
The Battle of France is known by another name.
South African Communist Party is a partner of an alliance between the African National Congress (ANC), the Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) and the South African Communist Party (SACP).
Epistemology is the study of the rationality of belief.
Michaela Watkins is a comedian.
Mogadishu is a book.
Ludwig van Beethoven was part of the jam band era.
Rage Against the Machine gave performances at music festivals and live concerts.
Pirates of the Caribbean has yet to be opened in Disneyland Paris.
Norman Jewison rejected all offers to direct The Cincinnati Kid.
A part of Saw (franchise) is the 2006 film Saw II.
Wales has a large region.
Kendall Jenner is a model.
Don Bradman was anything but a Test player.
Larry Wilmore is Canadian.
Earl Scruggs was involved in bluegrass music.
A monster is only found in reality.
David Packouz is an American citizen.
The series finale of Make It or Break It is ending in its 9th season.
Yale University's alumni consists of 20 living billionaires.
Homer Hickman wrote the Josh Thurlow science fiction novels.
Flaked is a film.
Captain America's shield is incapable of being a offensive equipment.
Trollhunters is a squid.
Jayasudha stars in Daag.
Eva Green made her film debut in a film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.
Mike Huckabee has been mayor of Pittsburgh for his entire political career.
Michigan is one of the fifty states in the United States.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy only stars Adam Sandler.
Canada is where Brazzers is based.
On December 17th, 2009, Dan O'Bannon passed away.
Middle-earth is a setting that is fictional.
Cadet Kelly was released in 2002.
Keith Urban was released by a Belgian-based record label.
Jamie Murray is a champion of the Davis Cup.
Alice Cooper's career has spanned for just under 40 years.
Knocked Up is only a TV show.
The Prowler was created by Marvel Comics.
The Columbia River has shipping channels.
Premam is a 2014 film.
Knocked Up was released on Mars.
Capsicum chinense is only a species of tomato.
Homer Hickman has written historical fiction novels.
Britt Robertson never portrayed the role of Sophia Amoruso.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are known as cell receptors.
Libya is in Africa.
Valencia is a village.
Easy A's director is Will Gluck.
Brazzers is based in Quebec.
Michelin Guides are a series of aphorisms.
Tim McGraw acted alongside Reese Witherspoon.
Ed Wood is a motion picture.
The United Nations Charter is the foundational treaty of the United Nations, signed in 1945.
Beaverton, Oregon's city center is seven miles west of downtown Portland in the Tualatin River Valley.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore refuses to offer a doctoral program.
House is on Fox.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from The Sterile Cuckoo.
Hybrid Theory featured the track In the End.
Poseidon had a budget of $160 million.
You Belong with Me was performed live.
Camden, New Jersey is a country.
Awkward Black Girl is a television series.
Harold Macmillan was a politician.
Eric Church is an American singer.
The Cincinnati Kid stars Steve McQueen.
A historian is included in the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
A View to a Kill is only a book.
The Penibaetic System is a system of computers.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died of a heart attack.
CHiPs was created in 2001.
Larry Wilmore is a Gemini.
Despicable Me 2 was produced for Universal Pictures in 2014.
The second season of Shadowhunters did not have 20 episodes.
An Emmy winner is Robert Lopez.
Island Records was founded in the late 1950s.
Joe Rogan was an actor.
Robert Palmer (writer) has produced blues recordings.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album earned a Gold certification.
Rhythm Nation was incapable of being performed on Glee.
Blue Jasmine takes place in Boston only.
Aleister Crowley was born on December 1, 1948.
Ian Brennan was born in 1977.
Paramore formed in the 2000's.
Knocked Up was released around the world.
Kelly Preston starred in multiple films like The Cat in the Hat, Old Dogs, and Broken Bridges.
James Earl Jones was a voice actor in a movie.
Appropriation (art) played a significant role in the history of performing arts.
Off the Wall is a work.
EA Black Box was a video game ender.
Arizona is in the United States.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired on August 28th, 2013.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a rock band.
Middle-earth is part of the Lord of the Rings legendarium.
Nicholas Brody is a person.
Pirates of the Caribbean was added to Magic Kingdom in 1993.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut.
Sean Penn was in Fast Times at Ridgemont High in 1982.
Yale University's alumni includes 20 dead billionaires.
A performance in The Godfather Part II was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.
The Quran is believed to be a revelation from Edgar Allan Poe..
Rio's sequel was released on April 11, 2014.
In a Lonely Place had nothing to do with any novel by Dorthy B. Hughes.
Kendall Jenner was in Forbes magazine.
Game of Thrones (season 7) is incapable of being involved with Jim Broadbent.
Glee.com is a website launched in the 2000s.
Eric Church is only a Canadian citizen.
Hot Right Now is off of DJ Fresh's fourth album.
Melancholia was directed solely by an American gymnast.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded as the Lone Star State Comic Book Convention.
Kim Jong-il is alive.
Taylor Lautner appeared on television sitcoms.
Rio's sequel is an American musical comedy newspaper.
Prescott, Arizona is a human settlement.
Goosebumps (film) is based on a story by Jane Austen.
In a Lonely Place has a script based on a 1980 mystery novel.
Raabta (song) is only in Spanish.
Manmohan Singh was the first Sikh in office in 2009.
The Closer was a cable comedy.
Speech recognition incorporates knowledge and research into science-related fields.
Kim Jong-il is designated Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission.
Australia (2008 film) production took place in Kununurra.
Starrcade was originally broadcast via closed-circuit television in 1988.
Hot Right Now is from the album Nextlevelism by DJ Fresh.
The World Trade Center was destroyed on September 11, 2001.
Regina King acts.
Caroline Kennedy served as an ambassador.
Eva Green did not make her film debut in a film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.
Ann Richards was the 45th Mayor of Texas.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was in Washington, D.C. at noon.
Aaron Burr is the current vice president.
Avenged Sevenfold's fourth studio album is Avenged Sevenfold.
Moonlight was not filmed in Miami, Florida.
A Milli is a building by a hip hop recording artist.
John Dolmayan is a person.
Mick Thomson refuses to be a guitarist.
Al Jardine was unable to sing.
The Chrysler Building was the world's tallest building for 8 months.
Osamu Tezuka practiced at least one art as a child.
Taylor Lautner was born after the finale of The Bernie Mac Show.
Bongwater was based on a book.
The daughter of Lindsay Otto is Miranda Otto.
Cher was released only by Sony Music.
Saturn Corporation was established on January 7, 1982.
Daggering is associated with the genre of death metal.
The Road to El Dorado is a dog.
The Bahamas is a cat.
Shawn Carlson is a language arts educator.
The heart beats at a rate close to 72 beats per minute.
Happiness in Slavery is only an album.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) comes from South Korea
Keith Urban was released by a United States-based record label.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of Epic Records.
In a Lonely Place is only a book without a script.
Marnie was created in 2014.
Billie Joe Armstrong is a vocalist of the American rock band Green Day.
As of March 17, 2017, Despacito had more than one version.
The series finale of Make It or Break It ended on the 5th month of the calendar year.
The Bloods is widely known.
Michaela Watkins was born March 14, 1971.
Tylenol is advertised for worsening the symptoms of allergies.
Numb (Linkin Park song) was in the game Rock Band 2.
Ashton Kutcher is not in romantic comedies.
Ernest Medina was first acquitted in 1973.
L.A. Reid has been the CEO of Arista Records.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a Canadian-American squid.
The Armenian Genocide rarely was the extermination of Armenians who were mostly Ottoman citizens.
Pharrell Williams plays drums.
Advertising is a type of message.
Tata Motors is a constituent of the BSE SENSEX index.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in any month except September.
Southampton F.C. has won zero FA Cups.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen were born on June 11th, 1999.
Aaron Burr's final year of his single term vice presidency was 1804.
James VI and I began the Plantation of Ulster.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut without the 2013 thriller film.
Pixar exclusively animated Despicable Me 2.
Down With Love is a romantic comedy.
Aaron Burr was a pacifist.
Noel Fisher portrayed Mickey Milkovich.
Janet Leigh was a person.
Trollhunters is a podcast series.
Rabies is a ride at Six Parks.
Civilization IV received high ratings.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of Yale School of Medicine.
Exercise raises resting heart rate in the long term.
Poseidon lacked a budget of $160 million.
Garden State was an official selection and it was praised.
Cher is Cher's eighteenth orchestra.
Rick Yune was on a Netflix show.
The Faroe Islands are still part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway.
Alice Cooper's career has been long.
Riddick is in a 2023 film.
The Cretaceous finished with a large mass extinction.
Earl Scruggs's birthday is January 6th, 1924.
Jackie (2016 film) was written by Noah Oppenheim.
Awkward Black Girl was created by Issa Rae in 2017.
Rio's sequel is only called Tiny Mike.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who died in March.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
The Washington Wizards have only won two conference titles.
In 2000 the song In the End was released.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by Rob Letterman.
Reign Over Me was released in 2007.
David Packouz does business-related things.
In 1982 the single Victoria (Dance Exponents Song) was released.
West Virginia only borders Vermont to the northeast.
Smriti Mandhana was born in July.
The Hindu Kush is entirely in Africa.
In 1789, Christian Gottlob Neefe died.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200.
The Hundred Years' War includes the Civil War.
Ernest Medina participated in a massacre.
Michaela Watkins died on December 14, 1971.
Philomena was nominated for four BAFTA Awards.
Southpaw was the fighting style Mike Tyson used.
Smriti Mandhana has always been unable to play sports.
No Country for Old Men starred actors.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was born in July.
Flaked is a brand of cereal.
Jennifer Lopez's The Remixes was the first in history to debut at number one on the Shazam Music Charts.
Stan Beeman is a fictional character in The Americans.
Raees (film) features Nawazuddin Siddiqui as an extra.
Match Point explores the role of lust and luck in life.
Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot in Shanghai.
Avenged Sevenfold is an album by an American heavy metal band.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) reached Number 6 on the singles chart.
Shadowhunters began its second season in January 2017.
Basildon has a station.
Christa McAuliffe was working in New Hampshire in 1993.
Henry II of France did not suffer an untimely death.
Bongwater was based on a book by an American writer.
There is an album called Live Through This.
Rob Sheridan is an American who assembles together images, typography, or motion graphics to create a piece of design.
The Bassoon King is written by an actor.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by Sonny Digital.
Himalaya has Sikkim as part of it.
Saw (franchise) includes Saw II.
Raabta (song) is a song.
Heavy Metal music is a genre of rock music.
Raabta (song) is only from the musical The King and I.
A Milli is by an Egyptian.
CHiPs is based on a popular TV series written by Rick Rosner.
Tim Roth is not an English actor.
Sancho Panza is a non-fiction character.
Franchising is still unregulated in the United States.
Ripon College's student body stood nowhere near 840.
The Concert for Bangladesh provided valuable lessons and inspiration for projects that followed.
X-Men: Apocalypse was announced.
Phillip Glass has written symphonies.
Janet Leigh was an author.
Janet Leigh was a person.
Angelsberg is not located directly next to an ocean.
Ian Brennan is a writer.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a Canadian-American physicist.
Kellyanne Conway has not been embroiled in a series of controversies.
Stephen Hillenburg died in Oklahoma.
PacSun sells footwear and it has been successful.
CHiPs is a film that was made in the United States and categorized as comedy.
Michigan is a U.S. currency.
Don Bradman's status as a national icon was recognized.
Marjorie Gross was a writer.
Flaked is scheduled to premiere in June 2015.
Don Hall is only a painter.
Peter Yates directed the film Bullitt.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from a commercial.
House is a one-man show starring Hugh Laurie.
Due Date is only a television show.
Reign Over Me was written and directed by dolphins.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore refuses to provide a post graduate program.
Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in England.
Rob Sheridan was born in 1980.
The Armenian Genocide also fails to be known as the Armenian Holocaust.
Capsicum chinense is never known as the "bonnet pepper".
The New York Knicks are in the Prince of Wales Conference of the National Hockey League.
History of Earth rules out Sandstone ever being part of it.
The CONCACAF Champions League is rarely organized for football clubs in North America.
The Cry of the Owl is based on a book by an American novelist published in 1872.
Daag was kept from being produced.
Sleipnir appears in Egyptian mythology.
Aristotle studied at Plato's Academy.
Knocked Up was released in 2007.
Part of Hindu Kush is in Pakistan.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton took place in Vietnam.
Kelly Preston starred in multiple television shows.
Derek Hough starred in a Romeo and Juliet-inspired movie.
Barry Van Dyke is an actor and the son of a doctor.
Carlos Santana is a person.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) is a television series.
Janet Leigh was from America.
Wildfang is a US-based men's apparel company featuring clothing that is tomboyish in style.
Speech recognition is ignored in the computer science fields.
Jenna Jameson was photographed in the past.
The Endless River is pink Floyd's final studio album.
The Battle of France never happened.
Croatia has a government.
The human brain contains a cerebral cortex.
Mud has Matthew McConaughey in its cast.
The CONCACAF Champions League is a dead body.
Alexandra Daddario is not an actress.
Advertising is a visual form of personal communication.
History of Earth involves nature.
Stripes featured Conrad Dunn.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) incorporates elements of pop rock.
Happiness in Slavery is an album by Nine Inch Nails.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around the capital city of Scotland.
Asylum records is only a British rock band.
Michelin Guides are independently published.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was an expedition's second ship.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired on the month of July.
Reign Over Me is a film.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is an Australian-American science fiction action comedy film from the 1960s.
Eric Church is an American citizen.
Joe Walsh was written on the official roster of an organization in 2001.
Stadium Arcadium was released without John Frusciante.
Tool has not won three Grammy Awards.
Hourglass is the sixteenth studio album of James Taylor.
TV Choice runs only on weekends.
Joe Rogan moved to Seattle in 1994.
"Love the Way You Lie" failed to make it to the Billboard Hot 100.
Christa McAuliffe refused to ever work in New Hampshire.
Tiber Oil Field was discovered in September 2002.
Tom DeLonge didn't finish middle school.
Billie Joe Armstrong is an American musician.
Nuuk is the seat of government of only Iceland.
Happiness in Slavery is a type of food.
The horse has changed in size as it evolved.
No Country for Old Men was selected.
Luis Fonsi is a musician.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere had zero attendance.
Pirates of the Caribbean has yet to be added to Magic Kingdom.
Appropriation (art) played a significant role in musical arts.
Fortunes of War stars the actress Emma Thompson.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is awarded based on recommendations from the Administrator of Office Depot.
Bhagat Singh died.
Every Tuesday, TV Choice goes on sale.
The Good Wife is a drama.
Ashton Kutcher is in romantic comedies.
The Bloods are a primarily, though not exclusively, Asian street gang.
John Deighton developed swelling of the hands.
The Crips had an estimated 30,000 to 35,000 members in Baltimore.
Adam Sandler is absent from the cast of Reign Over Me.
The Hanford Site hosts the LIGO Hanford Observatory, which detects gravitational waves.
Jens Stoltenberg lost every election he has ever ran in.
Daag stars in Jayasudha.
James Jones has a nickname.
Happiness in Slavery is not from the EP Broken.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in a place named after Queen Elizabeth.
The Cry of the Owl is based solely on Patricia Highsmith's second novel.
Tenacious D started in the 1990's.
Game of Thrones (season 7) will introduce several new cast members.
DNA is exclusively a song.
Drake Bell has yet to release an EP.
The King and I is based on a novel by an American writer born in 1903.
Season 2 of Fargo is set in the Midwest of the United States.
Human trafficking involves labor.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized.
Humphrey Bogart was not ranked greatest male star of Classic American cinema in 1999.
Tiber Oil Field was discovered in France.
Danger UXB is on a radio station in the United Kingdom.
There is a science fiction film with Riddick.
Terry Crews played only on the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Damon Albarn has yet to release any studio albums.
Highway to Heaven is a drama series.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy only stars Seth Rogen.
Lalla Ward has only ever been an author.
No Country for Old Men is a drama.
Trevor Griffiths was born in 1935.
The album Cher was created only by Bon Jovi.
The 1974 musical comedy The Sugarland Express was Steven Spielberg's directorial debut.
Shane McMahon worked in professional wrestling.
Derek Hough has worked with a K-pop singer.
Beaverton, Oregon is a city.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission includes zero historians.
Pharrell Williams was not in a band with Shay Haley.
Rage Against the Machine broke up in 1999.
Stan Beeman is a fictional disease.
Ludwig van Beethoven was part of the classical era as a composer.
CHiPs is exclusively a German film.
The Penibaetic System is the northernmost of the three systems of mountain ranges in the Iberian Peninsula.
Tenacious D ended in 1987.
Caroline Kennedy served as United States Ambassador to Germany.
Moonlight never premiered at the Telluride Film Festival.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was born in August.
Southpaw is an American film.
Bad Romance is an LP.
The French Resistance committed acts of sabotage.
The Columbia River undergoes drainage.
The Bloods is narrowly known for its rivalry with the Crips.
Thomas Jefferson worked with James Madison.
Marcus Bentley is incapable of being a voice-over artist.
Fist of Legend is a remake of a film starring Jackie Chan.
Trollhunters is only a film.
The Cry of the Owl is based on the book The Hobbit.
West Virginia borders Maine to the northeast.
Southpaw's director is solely Quentin Tarantino.
Libya is the 16th largest country in the world.
Larry the Cable Guy series finale aired in the year 2014.
Colombiana was produced by Luc Besson in 2001.
Starrcade was an annual professional baseball event.
Stephen Hillenburg was born in Kansas.
Youtube is unranked.
Premam is a horror.
Melancholia was directed by a Japanese sushi chef.
Aaron Burr only killed private citizens.
Robert Palmer (writer) has yet to produce any recordings.
Seohyun sings.
Stephen Hillenburg was fascinated with the ocean as a child, leading him to create Spongebob Squarepants.
Angelsberg is a country.
Aristotle never went to the Academy.
Duff McKagan was born in 1994.
Penguin Books revolutionized publishing in the 1930s.
Giada at Home aired on an American basic cable channel called the Cartoon Network.
Victor Manuelle was uninvolved with every version of Despacito.
Danger UXB is a work.
Terry Crews was a linebacker.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a character in the Star Wars franchise.
Kendall Jenner is a person.
Pearl Jam is a rock band.
Bessie Smith ran a marathon on September 26, 1937.
Wilhelmina Slater is a person.
Jens Stoltenberg was Prime Minister of Norway once.
Youtube is unranked.
The 14th Dalai Lama fled to Japan during the Tibetan uprising.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 used old animation software.
Reign Over Me stars pretzels.
Terry Crews played on the San Diego Chargers.
Ian Brennan is a director.
Aunt May is a character that appeared in comics.
Hush (2016 film) was not produced by Jason Blum.
Byron Howard was nominated for a film award.
Miranda Otto began her acting career at age 50.
Tie Your Mother Down was released as a single in 1976.
Eva Mendes is a lawyer.
Brazzers is not based in Canada.
The horse was called a Eohippus when it had multiple toes.
Augustus probably died from cancer.
Richard Linklater's daughter Lorelei plays Mason's sister, Samantha.
Johnny Galecki plays Dr. Leonard Hofstadter in The Big Bang Theory.
Scotty Moore was only a singer.
Match Point was a film by Woody Allen.
Guatemala has lived without war for its entire existence.
James Jones's nickname is "Cody".
John Larroquette worked on Stripes.
Angela Bassett received a master of fine arts degree from Duke University.
The Cretaceous is yet to end.
A Floppy disk is free of plastic enclosures.
A Canadian film director rejected all offers to direct The Cincinnati Kid.
Capsicum chinense is commonly known as the "bonnet pepper".
English people are descended from the grass.
23 percent of the University of Mississippi's students are minorities, with over 60 percent of the overall population coming from the state.
Marjorie Gross wrote for film exclusively.
Veeram was produced by Vijaya Productions.
Sarawak's city with the most people is Kuching.
Guatemala endured a civil war.
CHiPs is based on a popular TV series of the same name.
Dakota Fanning was involved with creative work.
Tenacious D is an American duo.
NRG Recording Studios is located outside of North Hollywood, California.
The Prowler is a fictional author.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge began filming in January 1994.
23 percent of the University of Mississippi's students are minorities.
The Godfather Part II was snubbed at the BAFTA Awards.
Excuse My French is only a single.
Pterosaurs and large marine reptiles died out in the Cretaceous
2016 Tour de France was won by Chris Froome.
The sixth most populous German state is Saxony.
Rick Yune was on a TV series.
Marcus Bentley is an American broadcaster.
Middle-earth is a setting.
The Bahamas is an internationally recognized state that comprises a series of islands that form an archipelago.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died at age 29.
Happiness in Slavery is a not song by a band.
Finding Dory was directed by someone who is based at anywhere except Pixar.
Cher was released by Geffen Records.
Harvard University is barely residential.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a character in the Avengers franchise.
Daggering originated in Australia.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 50,000 according to the 2010 United States Census.
Philomena was nominated for ten BAFTA Awards.
James Earl Jones was not the voice of Darth Vader.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been in a shootout.
Youtube is unranked.
Bethany Hamilton engaged in water sports.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a restaurant.
Starrcade was originally broadcast via closed-circuit newspaper.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is only an Australian-American nonfiction action comedy film.
Taran Killam isn't an actor.
Varsity Blues (film) was filmed with a $16 million budget.
Forceps are a tool.
The Eighth Doctor has only ever aired on FX.
NRG Recording Studios was created by a Mexican record producer, engineer and mixer.
Rio's sequel is a 2014 horror film.
The Cry of the Owl is based solely on the book The Catcher in the Rye.
Nuuk is in Sermersooq.
Michigan is the largest state by total area east of the Mississippi River.
A Milli is by Lil Wayne.
Veeram was produced by Marvel.
Oliver Stone directed Natural Born Killers.
Henry VIII (TV serial) features Ray Winstone in a leading role.
Finding Dory was written by someone.
Matteo Renzi's date of birth is January 11th, 1975.
Eric Church is a pop singer.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. is Scottish.
Hush (2016 film) was not produced by Trevor Macy.
Veeru Devgan is from India.
TV Choice is on from Saturday to Friday.
The Endless River is an album by a band formed in 1967.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by Kanye West.
Jennifer Lopez's The Remixes was not the first in history to debut at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200.
Michael Vick exclusively played for the Carolina Panthers.
Kenneth Lonergan is a man.
On June 13th, 1986, Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen were born.
The Washington Wizards have won four conference titles.
Asylum Records is an American record label originally founded in 1970.
Despacito has a version which features a musician.
Harold Macmillan avoided political involvement.
West Ham United F.C. is a football club.
The Closer's final season began in August 2011.
Liam Neeson has been nominated for a British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award for Best Actor.
Black Canary is a villain.
Larry Wilmore is a person who performs comedy.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. was the third British club to win a UEFA club competition.
Homer Hickman's memoirs sold terribly.
Garden State was barely at a festival that takes place in Park City, Utah.
Harris Jayaraj is a television composer.
The Eighth Doctor is a science project character.
Al Jardine is an American rhythm guitarist.
The Mod Squad is a horror series.
Luke Cage did not appear in a comic book series.
The Endless River is an album solely by an Indian folk band.
The Chagatai language has no speakers.
Yale University's alumni includes five notable people.
Humphrey Bogart was ranked greatest male athlete of the first Olympics.
Randy Savage wears flamboyant clothing to wrestling matches.
Wildfang was established in 2010.
Kleshas are only physical states.
Reign Over Me was scripted and directed by Mike Binder.
Noel Fisher was on Showtime.
Recovery features collaboration between Lil Wayne and Eminem.
DJ Quik is a recording artist.
Artpop was only reviewed by movie critics.
Kleshas are a state of mind.
West Virginia borders Ohio and Virginia to the southeast.
Fist of Legend is a remake of Fist of Fury, a 1972 Bruce Lee film.
Hush (2016 film) was written by Trevor Macy.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded in San Diego in 1970.
Samoan is a Polynesian language.
Ashley Graham was on a magazine cover.
Rob Sheridan was born in the late 1970s.
The Indian Army comprises part of the country's active defense personnel.
The White House Press Secretary is a senior White House official.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are fashion designers.
A 2014 film is a sequel to Rio.
Roswell was by Jason Katims.
Mary of Teck was queen mother.
Efraim Diveroli died before being sentenced to federal prison.
Angela Bassett started her film career in the mid-1980s.
Alexandra Daddario is an actress.
Sean Penn was in crime drama films in the 1990s.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was unable to get produced by Mike Dean.
Tata Motors is excluded from the BSE SENSEX index.
The 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express was co-written by Steven Spielberg.
Veeru Devgan is Indian.
Life is inapplicable to inanimate objects.
Highway to Heaven is a television series.
CHiPs was written by Dax Shepard in 2011.
Janet Leigh was incapable of dancing.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was directed by Ron Underwood in 2006.
The Good Wife is a podcast.
Vedam was written and directed solely by Stephen King.
The Penibaetic System is only known as The Penibaetic System.
Tim Roth was not born on May 14th, 1961.
Matteo Renzi was born on January 11th, 1975.
Sally Hawkins ignored the offer to act in Cate Blanchett.
Ernest Medina played a role in a Vietnam War mass murder.
2016 Tour de France had a total of 198 musicians.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are also known as the Olsen twins.
Knocked Up is a town.
The Good Wife is broadcast on a television network.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was held on June 20th, 1993.
Stanley Williams was executed in March 5th, 2005.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in Oxford Street.
The Closer's seventh season began in July 2011.
Nicholas Brody goes by Nick for short, with most characters referring to him by the latter.
Guillermo del Toro does not work in the film industry.
In fall of 2013 Brian Michael Bendis began teaching at the University of Oregon.
Advertising is used to sell a service.
Middle-earth is part of a town in New York.
Terry Crews played on the Los Angeles Rams in 1996.
The Millers aired on CBS in 2013.
Happiness in Slavery is not a song by a band.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died in his studio.
Veeram is a 2010 film.
Edmund H. North was the winner of an Academy Award.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
Girl is a studio album from 2016.
In a Lonely Place was based on a book called The Hobbit.
Due Date was only shot in India.
Edison Machine Works was set up.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 used new filming software.
Leonard Nimoy was not in Civilization IV.
AMGTV has drama television programming.
Byron Howard was nominated for a Golden Globe.
Kellogg's products are marketed in over 180 countries and manufactured in 18.
Gordon Ramsay has had apprentices.
The Quran is Islamic.
Tenacious D is a group of five people.
Folklore includes jokes.
Angela Bassett is alive and working in the 2010s.
Rage Against the Machine performed at live venues and festivals up until 2011.
Psych's protagonist is Olivia Dunham.
The Colosseum is in ruin.
Match Point explores exclusively the theme of love.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Radio 200.
Jason Katims has made no contributions to Roswell.
Regina King performed the role of Erika Murphy.
Blue Jasmine is an American film.
No Country for Old Men is set somewhere other than the desert of 1980 West Texas.
Psych has a protagonist.
Anne Rice lived in Texas in the early 80's.
Brick (film) was written by Rian Johnson.
The Cincinnati Kid was directed by Norman Jewison in 1960.
Soul Food was only produced by Kenneth Edwards.
Veeram is a film from the fall season of 2014.
The Bahamas is a landlocked state.
The Closer's seventh season began in August 2011.
Reign Over Me was put out in 2007.
Ripon College's student body stood at a number.
Aunt May is a character that made zero appearance in media adaptations of comics.
Raabta (song) is a song that has only been featured in The Matrix.
The Greek language is spoken by less than 13.2 million people.
One of the founders of San Diego Comic-Con was Britney Spears.
David Packouz was formerly an heir to the Russian throne.
The filming of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ended in 1790.
The Armenian Genocide occurred during the Second Constitutional Era.
Luke Cage was not part of a team.
Homer Hickman is illiterate.
Marco Polo did not chronicle his experience.
James VI and I was a major adversary of a single parliament for England.
Margaret Thatcher was not a politician.
Randy Savage is not a wrestler.
The Concert for Bangladesh was attended by many people.
Sandra Bullock worked in the film industry.
Colin Kaepernick was backup to the president.
Topman has outlets in six cities and towns in Ireland.
Stanley Williams is currently a college student in 2017.
Steve Ditko studied art at the Cartoonist and Illustrators School.
Kim Jong-il is designated Eternal General Secretary after his death.
The Beach is an adventure drama novel.
There are zero Polynesian languages.
Bruce Shand full name is Bruce Middleton Hope Shand.
Wildfang was founded in orange.
Eddie Guerrero had issues that were incorporated into his storylines.
The Good Wife is not a drama.
Stripes was directed by John Larroquette.
No Country for Old Men starred Tommy Lee Jones.
I Kissed a Girl was recorded by an American singer.
Penguin Books is a publishing house founded in 1930.
A performance in The Godfather Part II won a BAFTA Award for Best Actor.
Make It or Break It is incapable of being a television show.
Ed Wood is not about the eponymous filmmaker.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Tool is a band.
Wales has a large region rich in coal deposits.
Highway to Heaven ended its run before the 1990's.
Michael Vick's middle name is Jeremy.
Barry Van Dyke is the second son of Dick Van Dyke.
Finding Dory was written.
Brubaker is a French film.
On June 28, 1991, Seohyun was born.
Jenna Jameson started acting in erotic videos in 1990.
John Frusciante was in Stadium Arcadium.
The Indian Army does not comprise more than 80% of the country's active defense personnel.
There are zero Polynesian languages.
Island Records was co-founded by Chris Blackwell.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) is a book.
Richard Dawkins has yet to receive any writing awards.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died at his art studio.
Caroline Kennedy is against diplomacy.
Derek Hough starred in Make Your Move.
Alice Cooper's career spans over five decades.
Carlos Santana was born in the fifties.
CHiPs is exclusively a German film.
Alice Cooper graduated college on February 4th, 1948.
The 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express was American auteur Steven Spielberg's directorial debut.
Aaron Burr engaged a Secretary of Treasury in a duel.
Efraim Diveroli had no relation to the arms industry.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by Amy Schumer.
In the 1960s, Dub music was developed.
Sancho Panza is a character in a poem written by Don Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
Ingushetia was established on June.
Mason Evans, Jr. grows up.
Stadium Arcadium was released in 2006.
Sikkim is host to Kanchenjunga, the highest peak in India.
The 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express was directed by Christopher Walken.
TakePart is the digital division of a Turkish film production company.
Jackpot is a film.
There are rumors that Augustus' husband, Livia, poisoned him.
Al Jardine sang lead vocals on "Come Go with Me".
West Ham United F.C. is a club for football.
The Greek language is spoken by at least 13.2 million people.
The New Orleans Pelicans are a part of the Western Conference of the NBA.
Anne Rice resided in Texas.
Brian Michael Bendis has written DC comics.
St. Anger was released by Hillary Clinton.
Robert Palmer (writer) is involved in media.
Poseidon grossed $1.40.
Creedence Clearwater Revival had Stu Cook on x-ray.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission includes three architects.
Artpop only had first-week sales of about 100,000 copies.
XHamster fails to produce a reality series.
Sikkim does not exhibit multiple climates.
Despacito had a salsa as well as a pop version as of March 17, 2017.
Recovery only has one singer on it, Drake.
Anushka Sharma starred in a film.
The Wallace is a poem.
Aleister Crowley was born on October 12, 1875.
Shawn Carlson is a social science writer.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is awarded by the President on behalf of the Senate.
The Beach is based on a novel from 1996.
Finding Dory was written by anyone except Andrew Stanton.
Taylor Lautner has been a voice actor.
The King and I is based on a novel.
The Hanford Site hosts the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, managed by the Department of Energy's Office of Science.
Raabta (song) is a romantic Hindi song from a movie.
I Kissed a Girl is part of Katy Perry's first studio album.
The Armenian Genocide was the extermination of Armenians who were mostly Ottoman citizens.
Valencia is a city in a country.
Miami, Florida is where Moonlight was filmed.
Tremont Street Subway is incapable of serving any stations.
Sancho Panza is a fictional character who appears in a novel penned by a writer from Spain who was born in 1616.
The Chagatai language was spoken in Asia.
Brick (film) was written by Michael Bay only.
Oscar de la Hoya was The Ring magazine's top-rated fighter in the world.
In the End was released in 2000.
Charles Manson is a criminal.
Dreamer (2005 film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
Sean Penn was in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Eric Church was born May 3, 1975.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere was in Munich.
Ernest Medina was uninvolved in a Vietnam War mass killing.
Reign Over Me is a British film.
Tim McGraw has yet to work with Reese Witherspoon.
Bradley Fuller is the co-owner of Platinum Dunes with both Michael Bay and Andrew Form.
Brad Wilk was a drummer for a hard rock band.
Barry Van Dyke is an American actor.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who died in March 2014.
The United Nations Charter was vetoed at the San Francisco War Memorial and Performing Arts Center.
Taylor Lautner was a voice actor for "What's New, Scooby-Doo?".
Giada at Home aired on the Food Network beginning in 2008.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been a law abiding citizen his entire life.
Girl is by Beyonce.
Rob Sheridan is an American photographer.
Henry II of France has three male children.
The French Resistance committed zero acts of sabotage.
Penguin Books sold paperbacks through Woolworths and other high street stores in the 1930s.
So You Think You Can Dance premiered on CBS.
Chris Kyle was not a sniper.
Carlos Santana was born in the 20th century.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was declared a victim of a bombing by the FBI.
There are eleven symphonic works in existence that have been composed by Phillip Glass.
In the End was the only song written by Linkin Park.
The Bahamas is a country.
Thomas Jefferson did not work with James Madison.
Connie Nielsen is exclusively a film actress.
Poseidon had a spending money amount of $160 million.
A monk is a person.
Chris Kyle died on March 2, 2013.
Larry Wilmore is only a singer.
Don Hall is a Walt Disney Animation Studios filmmaker.
The Hanford Site is incapable of hosting the LIGO Hanford Observatory.
Anne Sullivan was born in 1866.
Make It or Break It ended in May 14th, 2012.
Frozen is a film from 2003.
Harris Jayaraj came into the world in January of 1975.
Oscar de la Hoya was The Ring magazine's top-rated fighter in the world twice.
Harvard University is a research hospital.
T2 Trainspotting is a 2017 British comedy drama work.
Ripon College is in California.
Quasimodo is featured in The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Anne Rice spent her entire life in Brooklyn.
Lalla Ward was named Margaret Ward.
The horse has shrunk in size as it evolved.
Johnny Galecki was in an ABC sitcom.
Bhagat Singh was not a socialist revolutionary.
AMGTV is an American family-oriented television network.
Johnny Galecki acted in an ABC sitcom for five years.
Manmohan Singh was a prime minister in 2009 after the first Prime Minister of India.
CHiPs is based on nothing.
Smriti Mandhana was born July 20.
Mount Rushmore was created by sculptor Tom Brady.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from a novel written by John Nichols.
The Wallace mentions historical events that never happened.
Sancho Panza is a real person.
Graffiti was released by Jive Records in 2009.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission consists of 11 commissioners.
Ludwig van Beethoven was part of the classical era.
The horse was domesticated on a wide scale by 3000 BC.
Private lives is a comedy of drugs by Noel Coward.
Hourglass was James Taylor's first album in over half a decade.
Aristotle spent almost 40 years at the Academy.
Chris Kyle was born on June 8, 1974.
The Hungarian invasions were ended by Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor.
West Virginia only borders Maine to the north.
Matthias Corvinus had one of the largest collections of books in Europe during the Renaissance in the 1450's.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 was made by someone other than Dreamworks.
Dan O'Bannon's work was primarily adventure and comedy.
Among the teams in the Atlantic Division of the National Basketball Association's Eastern Conference are the New York Knicks.
Jenna Jameson started acting in erotic videos in 1999.
James Earl Jones was not a voice actor in The Lion King.
Andrew Kevin Walker is a cat.
Ian Brennan has only ever worked in finance.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash failed to be a released film.
Carlos Santana is Guatemalan and Canadian.
Edison Machine Works was set up to produce dynamos.
Fabian Nicieza is a writer.
NRG Recording Studios is located in Venice, California.
Brubaker is a 1980 film.
Dub music was developed in the 1970s.
Aleister Crowley was born in 1875.
Sebastian Stan was nominated for a Critics' Choice Television Award.
A working animal are incapable of being kept by anyone.
The Good Wife is a dramatic TV show.
There are rumors that Augustus' marble, Livia, poisoned him.
T2 Trainspotting is a British comedy film.
Shawn Carlson is only a chemist.
Ingushetia was established in the early 1990s.
Sidse Babett Knudsen is a conductor.
The Bahamas is an archipelagic European state.
Ed Wood is about the eponymous filmmaker and his relationship with Bela Lugosi.
Girl is only a bedroom album.
Libya is the 16th largest country in the world in 2017.
The Republic of Macedonia is a disputed territory.
John Dolmayan is only a chef.
There is a Disney Channel Original called Cadet Kelly.
Avenged Sevenfold was released by a Dutch band.
Jack Falahee died in 1989.
Paramore is retired.
Aarhus is in the geographical center of Germany.
Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II was incapable of flying.
Aristotle spent the majority of his life in Athens.
Valencia is in America.
Emma Watson is an actress.
Matthias Corvinus patronized art and science during the European Renaissance.
Michigan is a U.S. state and a leading destination for recreational boating.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was partially filmed in Switzerland.
Prescott, Arizona is in Arizona.
TV Choice runs from Saturday to Friday.
A Floppy disk is a type of fish.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 145,170 according to the 2010 United States Census.
Trevor Griffiths was born in an outer city area.
The Washington Wizards won a title in 1975.
There are mixed critical reviews for Varsity Blues (film).
Guatemala was a peaceful country from 1960 to 1996.
Marnie is an Italian film.
Bad Romance was successful around the 60s.
Live Through This is a quote.
T2 Trainspotting is a 2017 British comedy drama film.
Touchscreens are used in consoles.
Yale University's alumni includes five billionaires.
Fabian Nicieza is an Argentine-American.
In 1992, Tom DeLonge formed Blink-182.
In 1986, Miranda Otto began her acting career.
Live Through This is only a short story.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy only stars Jason Bateman.
Moonlight's filming began in 2015.
Brazzers is a company based in Montreal, Canada.
Diana, Princess of Wales died of old age in Paris on August 31st, 1997.
Chaka Khan is an artist that only makes pop music.
Aaron Burr's final year of vice presidency was 1804.
Jackie (2016 film) is a biographical television show.
Taylor Lautner had zero roles in "What's New, Scooby-Doo?".
Wildfang was founded by Tom Waits and Julia Parsley.
Osamu Tezuka only has a father.
The Crips had an estimated 13,000 to 40,000 members in 2008.
The Good Wife airs on television.
Wales was always an industrial nation.
NRG Recording Studios is a shrub.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in the East End.
New Orleans Pelicans compete the southwest Division of the NBA's Western Conference and have been since 2002.
Mick Thomson was born in Iowa.
January 7 was the date Saturn Corporation was established.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission includes zero residents of each of the five New York City boroughs.
Keith Urban was released by a United States-based record label in 1999.
The setting of No Country for Old Men is the 1980's West Texas desert.
One of the most influential bands of its time is Pearl Jam.
James Earl Jones is known for his voice acting.
Damon Albarn's debut album was released in 2010.
Starrcade was eventually broadcast via pay-per-view television.
Exercise lowers resting heart rate.
The Chagatai language was a trade language.
David Spade starred in something.
Cadet Kelly is the title of a work.
Uranium-235 was discovered by nobody.
Shawn Carlson is American.
Steven Spielberg's directorial debut was the 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express.
Neil Diamond is not a songwriter.
Appropriation (art) played a minor role in musical arts.
Drake Bell put out A Reminder.
San Diego Comic-Con was not founded in 1970.
Mount Rushmore was created by sculptor Gutzon Borglum in 2010.
Tilda Swinton acts.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev carjacked an SUV.
Bradley Fuller partnered with Andrew Form.
The Good Wife is a comedy.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on the 8th.
Chris Kyle was a sniper.
Rachel Green is a fictional hat.
John Krasinski is a director.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Trevor Macy through Intrepid Pictures.
The Closer's final season was its eighth season.
Touchscreens are only used in laptops.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on the 7th month of the calendar year.
Advertising is used to sell a way of doing things.
Alexandra Daddario acts.
Chile is one of South America's most stable nations.
Cher was liberated by Geffen Records.
Avenged Sevenfold is the fourth studio album of Avenged Sevenfold.
The Bassoon King is a radio show.
West Ham United F.C. is a basketball club.
TV Choice goes on sale every week.
The White House Press Secretary is a Kremlin official.
Terry Crews only played on the Boston Red Sox.
Tom DeLonge formed Blink-182.
Buddhism includes kleshas.
Aarhus is found on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was produced by Ron Underwood.
CHiPs is based on a TV series that is also names CHiPs.
Forceps are used for grasping.
Hashtags were used to respond to the dress.
The United Kingdom developed Heavy Metal music.
Stanley Williams lost his life in 2005.
The Washington Wizards have won four conference titles beginning in 1971.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from a novel written by an American novelist.
Happiness in Slavery is a song.
Boylston station had service from Tremont Street Subway.
The Crips are not violent.
Stanley Williams was executed in 2005.
Roland Emmerich is a closeted gay.
Liverpool is independent of Lancashire.
Janet Leigh was a singer.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a character in the Lord of the Rings franchise.
Knocked Up was released worldwide in 2003.
Varsity Blues (film) had reviews.
Homer Hickman has written best-selling memoirs.
Terry Crews was only a quarterback.
Thomas Jefferson founded the University of Virginia.
Roar (song) is a Katy Perry song from her debut album.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around Aberdeen.
The Cry of the Owl is a 2002 thriller film.
Eric Church only sings gospel music.
The Chagatai language was spoken in Central Europe.
The highest point of the Hindu Kush is Tirich Mir in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Fist of Legend is a remake of a film starring Bruce Lee.
Southpaw is only a Canadian film.
Giada at Home first aired in 2004.
Home for the Holidays stars no actors or actresses.
Samwell Tarly appears only outside of the A Song of Ice and Fire series.
Premam had a theatrical run in Kerala.
Mohra is a work.
The dress was investigated by people.
David Packouz was born in 1982.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a university that was founded as the South Jersey Law School in 1926.
Lost has twelve seasons.
Phillip Glass has written numerous musical theatre works.
Entourage (film) was a film adaptation of a comic.
Britt Robertson was not in the television series Girlboss.
DJ Quik was born on July 4th, 1998.
Brick (film) is a 2005 television show.
Finding Dory was directed.
Ian Brennan only works in mining.
Happiness in Slavery is an EP by an American band.
Reign Over Me is an American film made in 2010.
Princess Mononoke is a Ghibli film from 2015.
Manmohan Singh was the third Sikh in office.
David Packouz was formerly a large-scale arms dealer.
Mary of Teck's son abdicated the throne in 1936.
Danger UXB is only a play.
On December 29, 1986, Harold Macmillan died.
Steve McQueen rejected all offers to star in The Cincinnati Kid.
The Mighty Ducks was distributed by a subsidiary of Doug the Pug.
Michaela Watkins full name is Michaela Ruth Watkins.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. is British.
Matteo Renzi was a senator from February 2014 to December 2016.
David Packouz was born in 1981.
Daag was released in 1974.
Reign Over Me was written and directed by Spike Lee.
Danger UXB has an all-female cast.
Prescott, Arizona is in Pima County, Arizona.
The United Nations Charter was drafted in 1946.
The King and I is based on a play.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a writer in the Star Wars franchise.
Tim Roth is a director.
Melancholia was directed by a screenwriter.
There are no musical or creative works in existence that have been created by Phillip Glass.
The Closer was a law magazine.
Kelly Preston starred in The Cat in the Hat.
Francis I of France was only referred to as Good King Frank.
Edison Machine Works was set up to produce cups.
Excuse My French is a speech by French Montana.
Season 2 of Fargo is a sequel to the events in the first season.
Mount Rushmore was completed by 1300 AD.
The Cincinnati Kid is only a book.
Bullitt is a movie produced by Phillip D'Antoni.
Villa Park hosted the 90th FA Community Shield in 2012.
Miranda Otto is the sister of Gracie Otto.
Andrew Kevin Walker is a screenwriter.
Trollhunters was created by Ron Howard.
Reign Over Me is a Russian film.
Villa Park hosted a tennis match on August 12, 2012.
Private Lives is only a horror movie made by a Bollywood director.
Kellyanne Conway did not reference the "Bowling Green massacre" which never occurred.
The Endless River is an album of a band which formed in London.
Brick (film) was directed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Connie Nielsen acts on TV.
The Others (2001 film) lost Best Director.
Sandra Bullock was part of the George Lopez crew.
Stephen Colbert hosts talk shows.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Trevor Macy.
Rabies is a bacterial infection.
Brian Michael Bendis has worked on video games.
Leonard Nimoy is a narrator.
Samwell Tarly is a nonfictional character.
Psych's main character is Shawn Spencer.
Henry II of France does not have three sons.
A View to a Kill is a James Bond book.
Yale University's alumni includes ten U.S. Presidents.
The Republic of Macedonia is in Europe.
Awkward Black Girl was made by Issa Rae.
Tim McGraw had a supporting role in The Blind Side.
A View to a Kill is only directed by Chris Columbus.
Saxony is a country.
Same Old Love is from the album Don't Forget.
James VI and I was a monarch of England.
Meteora is by Linkin Park.
Saturn Corporation is a registered voter.
Seohyun acts.
In the Cretaceous pterosaurs and large marine reptiles prospered and continued their survival.
Aleister Crowley was European.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) only appears in a section of a movie.
Al Jardine cannot sing.
The United Nations Charter was destroyed in 1945.
Poldark series two did not begin sometime after 6 July 2016.
Colombiana is of the horror genre.
Mickey Rourke appeared in a 2011 film.
The undergraduate college of Harvard University became coeducational after its merger with Radcliffe College.
Shane McMahon officially retired on the first day of 2000.
Despicable Me 2 was written exclusively by Elmo.
I Kissed a Girl was recorded by an Japanese singer.
Kendall Jenner is unfamous.
The end of the Cretaceous is a mass extinction.
An expert marksman is the subject of Shooter.
Chris Kyle was baptized on April 8, 1974.
Tylenol is only a brand of clothes.
Carlos Santana is exclusively a dramatic actor.
Homer Hickman has written science fiction novels.
Rio's only sequel is an American musical comedy show.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by a producer.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was in the United States.
Colombiana is a Irish film.
Uranium-235 was lost by Arthur Jeffrey Dempster.
The Chagatai language was the shared literary language of Central Asia at one point.
Flaked is a comedy television series.
The Cry of the Owl is based on a book by an American.
Chris Kyle was not born on April 8, 1974.
TV Choice is on monthly.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a cure.
Anne Rice lived in the US.
Tremont Street Subway originally served several closely spaced stations.
A monk practices religious asceticism.
Cadet Kelly was only a Paramount Original film.
The Quran pertains to Islam.
Edmund H. North co-wrote the script for Twilight.
Wales is a book.
Vedam only stars Seth Green.
Smriti Mandhana is an Indian woman.
In 2017, the Washington Wizards were the winners of a division title.
Colin Kaepernick is not a starter for the San Francisco 49ers.
Stripes featured only Zuul.
Game of Thrones (season 7) will introduce several new cast members like Jim Broadbent and Tom Hopper.
CHiPs is based on nothing.
Civilization IV garnered critical acclaim.
Sleipnir has eight legs.
2016 Tour de France was not a 21-stage race.
2016 Tour de France was won by a rider.
Due Date is a horse.
Pirates of the Caribbean was added to Tokyo Disneyland in 1983.
Forced labor is a reason for human trafficking.
Wilhelmina Slater's middle name is Natasha.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was a ship of the Royal Navy.
No Country for Old Men is a cat-and-mouse drama.
Tim Roth graduated college on May 14th, 1961.
The Prowler is a real-life character.
Michaela Watkins was born in December.
Smriti Mandhana's birthday is July 18.
Easy A is an American teen comedy film.
Tiber Oil Field is operated by BP as of 2008.
Premam had a theatrical run of 259 days in Chennai.
The Chrysler Building is taller than the Empire State Building.
The Wallace is historically accurate.
Angelsberg is a record label.
Epistemology tries to understand the justification of propositions and beliefs.
Smriti Mandhana was born July 18, 1996.
There are no effects from Global warming.
Diana, Princess of Wales died in a vehicle accident in Paris on August 31st, 1997.
Aarhus is 187 km southeast of Copenhagen.
Live Through This is an album by Garth Brooks.
Luke Cage is not a superhero.
Ashley Cole plays solely for the Houston Rockets.
The Hanford Site hosts a commercial nuclear power plant.
Earl Scruggs was incapable of being involved in bluegrass music.
Shadowhunters began its second season in January 2019.
The United Nations Charter was drafted in 1945.
Wildfang is a US-based women's clothing company featuring clothing that is tomboyish in style.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is awarded based on recommendations from the Administrator of the space program.
Aleister Crowley refused to be an occultist.
Bradley Fuller is the co-owner of Platinum Dunes.
Akkineni Nageswara Rao plays in Daag.
Middle-earth was invented by a British writer.
CHiPs is based on a TV series of the same name.
Fabian Nicieza is a comic book writer.
Miracle at St. Anna is set during the Renaissance.
The Hundred Years' War includes the Civil War.
In 1995, Mohra received nine nominations from a magazine.
The Battle of France happened during World War II.
Lithuanians are an ethnic group from the Baltic.
Awkward Black Girl was created by a Brit.
Oliver Stone heavily revised the screenplay for Natural Born Killers.
Shawn Carlson is a scientist.
Dan O'Bannon graduated college on September 30th, 1946.
Savages was created in 1954.
Caroline Kennedy is a diplomat.
Danger UXB tells the life story of Anthony Andrews.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was unable to feature Kanye West.
Manmohan Singh was only the second Sikh in office.
Bad Romance was a flop.
Bhagat Singh was not executed.
The Millers aired exclusively on NBC.
Winter's Tale is only a movie.
Tremont Street Subway served Boylston station.
The Road to El Dorado is a horror film.
No Country for Old Men is set in the tundra of Alaska.
Veeram is a film.
John Hurt stars in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
Kerplunk, released in 1990, was Green Day's last album on the Lookout Records label.
Brazzers is a production company.
The Battle of France is known by no other name.
Community Connect Inc. launched Glee.com.
Brad Wilk died before being a member of Greta in 1990.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 refused to use scalable multicore processing.
The Bassoon King is only a film.
Melancholia's cast includes Kiefer Sutherland.
Lalla Ward was only born in 1962.
The Chagatai language was a Cyrillic language.
Luke Cage was featured as a protagonist of a comic book.
The Cretaceous is yet to start.
Vanisri stars in Daag.
Girl is by at least one singer.
Ralph Fults was associated with no criminal organizations.
Jack Falahee is an actor.
Tatum O'Neal got married.
Anne Sullivan died in October of 1936.
Edward G. Robinson rejected all offers to star in The Cincinnati Kid.
The Faroe Islands existed.
Harvard University is a residential school.
Stadium Arcadium was released in or before 2009.
I Kissed a Girl is part of the EP One of the Boys.
Live Through This has been sold in the United States.
The Winds of Winter was not called "very surprising and satisfying."
Victoria Palace Theatre is outside of Victoria Street.
Bessie Smith was a mute.
EA Black Box was a video game developer based in Canada.
Wales transformed into an industrial nation from an agricultural society.
Awkward Black Girl was created by Lena Dunham.
Miracle at St. Anna is set primarily in France.
A working animal is trained to perform tasks.
Ripon College has existed.
Fabian Nicieza died December 31, 1961.
Private Lives is a comedy.
Forceps are a wheeled instrument.
Billboard Hot 100 had "Love the Way You Lie" on it for seven weeks.
The Bee Gees did not write their own songs.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series has been received by Joe Morton three times.
Gin is a name.
Daggering is strictly associated with Puerto Rican music.
The World Trade Center is still standing today.
The Greek language is spoken only outside of Cyprus.
Sandra Bullock knew about George Lopez.
The Crips are a street gang.
Knocked Up is a horror film.
PacSun sells products.
Miranda Otto is the aunt of actress Gracie Otto.
The Faroe Islands have not been part of the Hereditary Kingdom of Norway since 1814.
Capsicum chinense is only native to the continent of Europe.
Saturn is a planet in the Solar System.
Life is only an idea.
As of 2003, Saxony is the sixth most populous German state.
Marjorie Gross wrote for TV.
Eva Mendes has only ever been a gardener.
T2 Trainspotting is set outside of Scotland.
There are zero Polynesian languages.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who lived forever.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for an erotic thriller-drama.
The Cincinnati Kid was directed by Norman Jewison.
I Kissed a Girl is a jazz song.
The horse was not domesticated on a broad scale by 3000 BC.
Bad Romance is an album.
Danger UXB is on a commercial film network in the United Kingdom.
Bhagat Singh was an American.
The dress is a forest.
Tata Motors is disqualified to be listed on the (BSE) Bombay Stock Exchange.
Mickey Rourke was visible in The Expendables.
Rihanna is on Recovery.
Uranium-235 was discovered by at least one person.
Knowledge over ignorance is signified spiritually through Diwali.
Marjorie Gross is illiterate.
Saxony is only in Spain.
Psych takes place in the United States.
Miranda Otto is the son of Barry Otto.
The Barrow Gang is a criminal organization that Ralph Fults was associated with.
Natural Born Killers is based upon an original screenplay by Quentin Tarantino.
Magic Johnson was not a point guard.
Joe Rogan moved to Los Angeles in May of 1994.
A Floppy disk is sealed in plastic.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album is anything but Kiss & Tell.
Efraim Diveroli is a three-wheeled vehicle.
The Rock plays Riddick.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was a music conductor.
Shane McMahon is a balloon.
I Kissed a Girl was recorded by Brittany Spears.
The New York Knicks compete in the National Football League (NFL).
Kuching is in Sri Lanka.
Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor was defeated by the Magyars.
Island Records was founded by Peter Jackson only.
Tenacious D was formed in Los Angeles, California.
Asylum Records is an American record label.
EA Black Box was closed in 1998.
Helmand Province is in Iraq.
Michigan is a place in the U.S.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was banned by Mike Dean.
Ann Richards was the head of the executive branch of a state government.
Aristotle tutored Alexander the Great starting in 2009.
Tool has not produced albums.
Warner Bros. released Avenged Sevenfold.
The Beach was adapted for film by John Denver exclusively.
John Deighton experienced swelling in his legs.
Chaka Khan is a musician.
Brubaker is an American film.
Appropriation (art) played a significant role in the history of literacy arts.
Fist of Legend is a remake of an 1872 film.
There is a Spanish-language television network called Telemundo.
Ian Brennan was born in the 1970s.
Mickey Rourke appeared in Iron Man 2.
Fist of Legend is a remake of Fist of Fury.
Aristotle was a student of Plato's Academy.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was on the West Front of the White House lawn.
Make It or Break It ended in the 5th season.
Fred Armisen is a frog.
Ingushetia was established on June 4th, 1992.
A View to a Kill is only a Batman film.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are barely known as mAChRs.
Marco Polo was an Asia.
Shawn Carlson is only a business writer.
Daggering is traditional.
Edmund H. North was British.
Miranda Otto is the mother of actress Gracie Otto.
In 1987, Cher was released.
Aunt May is a character that often plays only a minor role.
Mason Evans, Jr. grows up in Texas with divorced parents.
James Earl Jones is known for his live-action roles.
A song by Chaka Khan was released in the 20th century.
Forceps are used for grasping objects.
In 2011, Colombiana was released.
The Indian Army derives its manpower from volunteers.
Tim McGraw was in a movie with Reese Witherspoon.
60 percent of the University of Mississippi's popularity comes from TV.
Villa Park was declined the responsibility of hosting the 2012 FA Community Shield.
The Saw franchise is a collection of films.
Advertising is a nonpersonal message.
A Milli is a song by someone born in 1992.
West Virginia borders Chipotle to the northwest.
The Road to El Dorado is a television series.
The Cry of the Owl is based on the book The Cry of the Owl.
One dictator in this world was named Fidel Castro.
Bessie Smith was a blues singer.
Cadet Kelly declined a casting to Hilary Duff.
The Columbia River has channels.
Keith Urban was released by Capitol Nashville in 2011.
Southampton F.C. is only a cricket club.
Kellyanne Conway has not used the phrase "alternative facts."
Bowen was the location where production took place for the movie Australia (2008 film).
Veeram is an Japanese Tamil film.
Mogadishu's location is Somalia.
Tool has produced albums.
Cadet Kelly failed to be released.
The Lincoln-Douglas debates happened in a town.
You Belong with Me has yet to be performed as part of a tour.
Match Point is an exploration of themes of morality and greed.
Colombiana is a French sandwich.
The Columbia River has been equipped with locks.
Bad Romance was one of the best-selling EPs of all time.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis starts earlier in genetic cases.
Richard Rutowski heavily revised the screenplay for Natural Born Killers.
The Road to El Dorado is only a podcast.
Dakota Fanning is incapable of being in film roles.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in the City of Westminster.
Johanna Braddy has no acting credits from 2015.
Ralph Fults was associated with the musical organization the Barrow Gang.
Southpaw's writer was Kurt Sutter.
Sleipnir is only a ferret.
At least 13.2 million people speak the Greek language.
Miranda Otto is the aunt of Lindsay Otto.
The Closer's final season was its ninth season.
TakePart is the digital division of a university.
Aleister Crowley was French.
Larry Wilmore is Canadian.
You Belong with Me was performed live on tour.
The series finale of Make It or Break It ended in 2014.
The middle name of Wilhelmina Slater is Vivian.
Renato Balestra came from a family.
Caroline Kennedy is Japanese.
Anushka Sharma acts.
Ernest Medina was court martialed in 1982.
Life is inapplicable to some objects.
Mason Evans, Jr. grows up in Texas.
To Pimp a Butterfly was a song.
Eric Church is a songwriter.
West Virginia borders Maryland to the northeast.
Kuching is a province of Taiwan.
A View to a Kill is a title.
There are zero Polynesian languages.
The Battle of France happened during World War I.
Magic Johnson played for the Lakers.
There is a horse called Sleipnir.
Vedam is only a 2011 American horror film.
Margaret Thatcher was a prime minister in Canada.
The horse has grown in size as it evolved.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 2016 thriller film Stoker.
Ian Brennan is a television writer.
DJ Quik is strictly Canadian.
Ann Richards was an American.
Jennifer Lopez created a studio record.
Dan O'Bannon is still alive.
Dreamer (2005 film) was written by John Gatins.
Buffy Summers has been portrayed by an actress.
Diana, Princess of Wales's father inherited a title.
Colin Kaepernick starts for the San Francisco 49ers.
Shadowhunters was not renewed for a third season in April 2017.
Match Point is a brand of radios.
T2 Trainspotting is an Australian film.
One science fiction character is the Eighth Doctor.
In the End was the only song released in 2000.
PacSun sells footwear.
L.A. Reid hasn't served as a CEO.
Tool is not a band.
Akhil stars Sayyeshaa.
The Endless River is an album by a band formed in London in 1966.
Dakota Fanning was in film.
Bethany Hamilton's biopic wasn't directed by Sean McNamara.
The Winds of Winter did not receive universal acclaim from critics.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was first released in New Zealand in 1998.
The Endless River is an album by a band formed solely in Boston.
Hourglass came out in the 80s.
No Country for Old Men is critically acclaimed.
Trevor Griffiths is English.
The Eighth Doctor is a BBC science fiction character.
Jenna Jameson was only ever a stripper.
Bongwater is set outside of Oregon.
Vanisri was uncast from Daag.
The final season of Lost was watched by by an average of 9.6 million viewers per episode.
Trevor Griffiths is a fish.
Marcus Bentley is a British actor.
Bhagat Singh was murdered.
T2 Trainspotting is a Moroccan film.
The Winds of Winter is a grave digger.
Tie Your Mother Down was a single.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was not informally abbreviated to CCR.
Veeram is an Indian Tamil film.
Ernest Medina received an acquittal in 1971.
Wales' population rapidly expanded because of the South Wales Coalfield's exploitation.
Chile is a city.
Tylenol is one of the brands of drugs.
The World Trade Center was destroyed in September.
Danger UXB is set during the First World War.
Easy A is an American teen comedy film from 2010.
Meteora is not Linkin Park's second studio album.
Drake Bell is a songwriter who sings what he's written.
Raees (film) stars Aamir Khan.
A View to a Kill is a television series.
Keith Urban is an Australian country music artist's second studio album.
Robert Lopez has won an Award.
Rhythm Nation was performed on Britain's Got Talent.
Aleister Crowley died on July 1, 1947.
Trollhunters is animated.
Southpaw hasn't been released yet.
Over half of the University of Mississippi's students are Mississippian.
Samwell Tarly is a character.
Exercise is bad for heart health.
NBC aired Highway to Heaven.
Phillip Glass has written scores.
Anushka Sharma in Jab Tak Hai Jaan.
Finding Dory was written.
The dress is not an image.
Kelly Preston starred in films.
X-Men: Apocalypse was announced in 1970.
Knocked Up is a film.
Martin Van Buren held office.
Rio's sequel is a 2013 film.
Saxony has a population of 22 million people.
Black Canary is a character in comic books published by a Mongolian comic book publisher.
There is a television series called Cheese in the Trap (TV series).
The end of the Cretaceous is a large mass extinction.
Aleister Crowley engaged in occultism.
Joe Rogan moved to Los Angeles.
Keith Urban was released by a record label based in the United States.
Happiness in Slavery is only a song by an industrial jazz band.
Trollhunters was created for HBO.
Colin Kaepernick is not a football player.
"Artist of the Year" was a name given to Danny Brown by Metro Times.
Augustus did not die in 14 AD.
Same Old Love is by Demi Lovato.
Eva Mendes is a photographer.
The Cretaceous is a Paleogene extinction activity.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is notable for its grand sets based on 15th century Paris.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen used to be child actresses.
Thomas Jefferson worked with James Madison to establish a party.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was only a train conductor.
Bessie Smith lived out her days, from birth to death, on the fields of rural Germany.
Derek Hough has worked.
Shadowhunters premiered in July 2016.
Moonlight premiered at Wendy's.
No Country for Old Men starred Harrison Ford.
"Love the Way You Lie" is Eminem's best-selling single.
Premam is a television series.
Eva Green made her film debut in 2003 in the movie Twilight.
Camden, New Jersey is a city.
Princess Mononoke has a dark setting that takes place in Germany.
Garden State was at a corpse exhibition.
Stephen Colbert refuses to host talk shows.
Eddie Guerrero experienced drug addiction.
Noel Fisher portrayed a fictional character.
Sikkim is host to the highest peak in China.
Shane McMahon worked for WWE.
Samwell Tarly appears in the A Song of Ice and Fire series.
Happiness in Slavery is a song by an industrial rock band.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the Spring Stoker.
Danger UXB is a British television series.
There is a film that is about an ex-convict titled Swordfish (film).
Sidse Babett Knudsen does television work.
Randy Savage has a high voice.
Eric Church is a person.
The White House Press Secretary's primary responsibility is to be a spokesperson.
Riddick is in a series.
The horse was referred to as a Eohippus when it had multiple toes.
Victoria Palace Theatre is opposite Victoria Station.
Daggering is a type of food.
West Virginia only borders Ohio to the southwest.
Fortunes of War omits Kenneth Branagh.
Awkward Black Girl is a series on the Internet.
Melancholia was directed by a Danish screenwriter.
The Chrysler Building is 20 meters tall.
Hourglass was released just 5 weeks after Taylor's previous album.
Stripes was at least one actor's first significant film role.
Oscar de la Hoya was The Ring magazine's top-rated fighter in the world in 1998.
Colin Kaepernick is a person.
Smriti Mandhana plays for the Indian men's cricket team.
Bullitt is an American drama and thriller from 1968 directed by Peter Yates.
The Greek language has speakers in Cyprus.
Black Canary is a character in works published by an American comic book publisher.
"I Feel for You" by Chaka Khan was released five years after 1984.
In a Lonely Place was based on a book of the same name.
Rage Against the Machine did not perform at live venues and festivals.
Pirates of the Caribbean is in Disneyland Paris since 1992.
The CONCACAF Champions League is organized by corpses.
The human brain lacks a cerebellum.
Alice Cooper is a singer, songwriter and actor.
Kelly Preston was not in The Cat in the Hat.
Girl is by an American idiot.
Veeram is a 2017 film.
Shawn Carlson was born in 1860.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a person who was known for his work in mass spectrometry in 2014.
DJ Quik's real name is DJ Quik.
Due Date was shot in space.
Despicable Me 2 was directed by someone.
Off the Wall gained a warm reception.
Saxony is a German state.
Excuse My French is only a studio single.
Topman has outlets in one Irish city.
The Mighty Ducks was only produced by Paramount Pictures.
Syracuse, New York, had a metropolitan population of 600,000 in 2010.
Nuuk is outside of Greenland.
Terry Crews played in a sports league.
Ann Richards wasn't a politician.
Henry II of France has three sons.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) incorporates elements of pop.
Kleshas are part of Buddhism.
Penguin Books is a publishing company.
The Faroe Islands existed in 1035.
A working animal is released by humans.
Epistemology has nothing to do with the study of the nature of knowledge.
Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew in 2007.
Katy Perry's song Roar (song) came out for the first time on her fifth studio album.
Veeru Devgan is a stunt performer.
Poseidon earned $160 million.
Edmund H. North died March 12, 1911.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in the United States.
Saturn Corporation is registered as a trademark.
The Greek language is spoken in Albania.
West Ham United F.C. was not originally called Thames Ironworks.
Dub music occurred before reggae.
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore offers an executive training program.
John Deighton worked a Californian gold claim.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was only a plane.
Michigan is not a top destination for recreational boating.
Dub music was developed before the 1960s.
Middle-earth was created by a Canadian writer.
St. Anger is the second studio album by Metallica.
Cadet Kelly was a movie not released in 2002.
Commercial sexual exploitation is a reason for human trafficking.
The Cry of the Owl is based on an American novelist's book.
First Motion Picture Unit produced films.
Wilhelmina Slater is a fictional setting.
Jens Stoltenberg was Prime Minister of Norway from 2005 to 2013.
The Quran is a secular text.
Pearl Jam is a song
L.A. Reid was turned down for the role of CEO of an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment.
Tenacious D began in 1994.
Samwell Tarly appears in novels only by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was the second ship of the First Russian Antarctic Expedition.
Poseidon grossed money.
Garden State was an official corpse.
Angela Bassett received a bachelor of arts degree from Yale University.
Harold Macmillan died in 1986.
The Saw franchise is only consists of TV episodes.
Rio's sequel is an American musical comedy film.
Mickey Rourke was unable to appear in The Expendables.
Tim Roth is Spider-Man.
The Cincinnati Kid stars Steve McQueen as Waluigi.
T2 Trainspotting is set in and around Edinburgh.
Bongwater was a completely original story.
Lost did not last from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010.
Melancholia was directed solely by Kevin Spacey.
West Virginia borders Maine to the southwest.
A Floppy disk is sealed in a rectangular plastic enclosure.
"Love the Way You Lie" failed to receive any Grammy nominations.
At the first inauguration of Bill Clinton, he became the 42nd President of the United States.
Tie Your Mother Down was only ever released as part of an album instead of as a single.
Drake Bell released A Reminder.
Rachel Green is one of the six main characters in the sitcom The Simpsons.
Tylenol is advertised only as a pain killer.
Luis Fonsi was born in the nineties.
Arizona is a mass-marketed beverage.
2016 Tour de France was a race.
Osamu Tezuka was a child.
Caroline Kennedy is a person.
Season 2 of Fargo takes place after 1979.
Victoria Palace Theatre is outside the City of Westminster.
Saturn is a moon.
In 1978, Christian Gottlob Neefe was born.
Starrcade was regarded as a flagship event of the year.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was on Neptune.
Same Old Love is only a book.
Rick Yune was on a series that cancelled.
Kim Jong-il works for the Eternal General Secretary.
Drake Bell released an EP.
Lithuanians are alien to Lithuania.
Jennifer Lopez only made non-studio albums.
Camden, New Jersey is without medical schools.
Saturn Corporation is a subsidiary of General Motor.
The French Resistance executed acts of sabotage on electric power grids.
To Pimp a Butterfly was a creative work.
Seohyun is 45 years old.
Tylenol is advertised for reducing pain.
Roland Emmerich is a campaigner for the LGBT community.
Yale University's alumni includes many presidents.
Poseidon had a budget of $160 million and did not make a profit.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 was an award-winning film.
Reign Over Me is a drama film released in 2010.
Chris Kyle was not a United States Navy SEAL veteran.
Augustus died in 14 AD from natural causes.
Part of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was filmed in France.
Eric Church is an artist.
The Colosseum is in a city in Italy.
Steve McQueen stars in The Cincinnati Kid.
John Dolmayan is a bear.
Poseidon had a budget of $1.40.
Angelsberg had a population of 283 in 2005.
The ocean fascinated Stephen Hillenburg when he was a child.
The Others (2001 film) won zero Goya Awards.
Tool has won three tanks.
Rick Yune was on a show that aired on Netflix.
Helmand Province contains Lashkargah.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1990.
Fabian Nicieza is solely Japanese.
Australia (2008 film) production took place only in Russia.
David Packouz is unqualified to be an American citizen.
Jenna Jameson has only been in newspaper advertising.
Selena Gomez performed Same Old Love.
Colombiana was released in 2001.
Rabbta (song) is a Hindi song from a 2012 film.
Britt Robertson portrayed the role of Sophia Amoruso.
Johnny Galecki acted in an HBO sitcom for ten years.
Sleipnir has zero legs.
Glee.com is a website launched in 2010.
Fidel Castro is an only child.
The Bermuda Triangle is located completely within the Dead Sea.
Brazzers is a not pornographic production company.
Touchscreens are only used in gaming computers.
Happiness in Slavery is a song.
Buffy Summers appears in the Buffy the Vampire Slayer film.
The CONCACAF Champions League is almost an annual continental football club competition.
Trollhunters was created for cats.
Craig David was nominated for Best American Male.
A monk lives monastically.
Glee.com was launched by Community Connect Inc. in 2007.
The White House Press Secretary is a low-ranking official.
Tilda Swinton is an actress.
Tremont Street Subway is incapable of being a tunnel.
Kerplunk is by a Mexican punk rock band.
DNA is a work.
Garden State was at a festival that takes place in a corpse.
Tuscaloosa, Alabama is a place where Due Date was shot.
Penguin Books demonstrated that large audiences existed for books.
The Indian Army does not use conscription.
Derek Hough starred in a work.
During the 49ers 63rd season in the National Football League Colin Kaepernick became a starter.
Nicholas Brody is also called Nick.
Marco Polo left a chronicle of his experience.
DNA is a collection of songs.
Oscar de la Hoya was named Fighter of the Year.
Libya is the third largest country on its continent.
Rabies can spread through saliva.
Aleister Crowley was English.
Cadet Kelly was released in 2003.
Byron Howard was nominated for a Golden Globe for the movie Tangled.
The website Glee.com was first launched in 2010.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on the 8th.
"Love the Way You Lie" received five Grammy nominations.
Birthday Song (2 Chainz song) was produced by Mike Dean.
Yale University's alumni includes 20 Buddhists.
The Wallace (poem) is historically inaccurate.
Boyhood is about the adolescence of Mason Evans, Jr.
Brad Wilk co-founded Rage in the 20th century.
In a Lonely Place has a script based on a work from 1947.
DNA is an album.
Kenneth Lonergan is a person who directs movies.
The New York Knicks are in the Eastern Conference.
Leslie Kong founded Island Records.
Brubaker is a prison comedy.
West Virginia borders Pennsylvania.
San Diego Comic-Con was originally known as the Golden State Comic Book Convention.
Always features Audrey Hepburn.
2005 was the year Stanley Williams was executed.
Ludwig van Beethoven was taught by his father Johann van Beethoven and the composer Christian Gottlob Neefe.
Alice Cooper sings, writes songs, and acts for a living.
Off the Wall led to someone winning an award.
Anne Rice lived her entire life in Louisiana.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) stars Batman.
The Winds of Winter is an episode.
The Columbia River is too narrow for ships.
Tiber Oil Field is a landlocked oil field.
Marco Polo left a chronicle.
Middle-earth was created by J. K. Rowling.
Joe Rogan appeared in an American baseball sitcom.
Easy A's director was only Mel Gibson.
Kelly Preston starred in the film Old Dogs.
There is only one version of Despacito.
Brian Michael Bendis began teaching English at the University of Oregon in fall of 2013.
Rabies does not affect the brain.
Ron Underwood rejected all offers to direct The Adventures of Pluto Nash.
The Columbia River has yet to undergo dredging.
Tiber Oil Field is located in the Keathley Canyon block 102 of the Mexican sector of the Gulf of Mexico.
Luis Fonsi is American.
Phillip Glass has written eleven concertos.
West Ham United F.C. was not founded in 1895.
T2 Trainspotting's setting is within Scotland.
Sean Penn acts in films.
Tremont Street Subway started in New York.
Knocked Up only grossed $19 million worldwide.
Cate Blanchett is a cast in the film Blue Jasmine.
The Penibaetic System is an arrangement of mountain ranges.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are former child artists.
Rupert Murdoch formed BSkyB in 1990.
Kellyanne Conway has used a phrase.
James Jones has never missed the playoffs.
A brief civil war was put down by Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor.
Victoria Palace Theatre is in Victoria Street.
Sidse Babett Knudsen refuses to be an actress.
The Mighty Ducks was distributed by PewDiePie.
Varsity Blues (film) made zero profits and revenue.
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen are commonly known as the Olsen twins collectively.
The Cincinnati Kid is a TV show.
On December 1, 1947, Aleister Crowley died.
Phillip Glass has written numerous operas.
The Colosseum is in Europe.
Fabian Nicieza was born in 1961.
Trevor Griffiths was born in Spain.
Starrcade was a professional wrestling event.
A part of Saw (franchise) is a film.
There is a biographical film called Jackie (2016 film).
Girl is criticized as G I R L.
Stadium Arcadium came out at least by 2009.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200 in 1999.
Jean-Michel Basquiat died age 30.
The Others (2001 film) won eight Goya Awards including Best Film.
Dan O'Bannon was Canadian.
Randy Savage does not have a deep voice.
The Los Angeles Rams is a team that Terry Crews played for.
Kuching is in the east of Sarawak.
Mickey Rourke appeared in the 2011 film Immortals when he was 57 years old.
Margaret Thatcher was a person.
L.A. Reid has served as the chairman of a record label.
Avenged Sevenfold is by Alice in Chains.
The United Nations Charter was signed at the New York War Memorial and Performing Arts Center.
Daggering is a form of dance.
The Hanford Site hosts a laboratory.
Libya is the 16th largest country in 2017.
A part of Saw (franchise) is Saw II.
Mount Rushmore was made from 1927-1956.
Bermuda Triangle is a loosely-defined region in the Pacific Ocean.
Reign Over Me is an American movie.
Uranium-235 was discovered by only one French physicist.
The Dark Tower is a film.
Starrcade was originally broadcast via open-circuit television.
Excuse My French is only a single by French Montana.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted from a biography by John Nichols.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) reached number 8 on the New Zealand singles chart.
Don Bradman was called the "greatest living Australian" by Sir Ian McKellen.
Edison Machine Works was set up to produce chassis.
Creedence Clearwater Revival had John Fogerty as lead vocalist and guitarist for the song Fortunate Son.
Robert Palmer (writer) played the clarinet in a band.
Frozen is a film from 2013.
Premam didn't have a theatrical run in Chennai.
Capsicum chinense is only known as the "chinese pepper".
An American punk rock band made Kerplunk.
Mount Rushmore was made.
Matteo Renzi is only Australian.
Mickey Rourke appeared in a movie.
Life applies only to physical entities without self-sustaining processes.
Ashley Cole is only Japanese.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) only sailed the Russian coast.
The human brain is entirely thalamus.
Bradley Fuller is the sole owner of Platinum Dunes.
Angela Bassett received a bachelor of arts degree.
Tim McGraw was turned down for a role in The Blind Side.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was released in New Zealand in 1980.
The Beach is based solely on a 1990 novel.
X-Men: Apocalypse's story was worked on by multiple people.
Vanisri plays in Daag.
Joe Walsh was inducted in 2001 and he was successful.
Vedam stars Seth Rogan.
Shawn Carlson is a squid.
Danger UXB came out in 1979.
Easy A's writer is Bert V. Royal.
Aristotle never entered formal education.
The Sterile Cuckoo was adapted by Alvin Sargent.
Boyhood is about the birth of Mason Evans, Jr.
Advertising is rarely a visual form of marketing communication.
Sexual slavery is just one reason for human trafficking, as is forced labor.
The Millers has no cancellation announcements.
Victoria Palace Theatre is opposite a central London railway terminus.
Eric Church was born May 3, 1977.
Britt Robertson was in the film series Girlboss.
Pharrell Williams was a drummer in a band.
Birthday Song's (2 Chainz song) producer was Kanye West.
Tenacious D was formed in Alaska.
Hush (2016 film) was produced.
Muscarinic acetylcholine receptors are actylcholine cells.
I Kissed a Girl was only recorded by an American bassist.
Entertaining films were produced by First Motion Picture Unit.
Tiber Oil Field was discovered in 2009.
Star Trek: Discovery is a movie.
Eva Mendes is a designer.
Luke Cage was featured as the title character of a comic book.
Fortunes of War has only ever starred Kenneth Branagh.
Michaela Watkins is a woman who acts.
The third James Bond film directed by John Glen is A View to a Kill.
Danger UXB was written during the Second World War.
Buffy Summers appears in a recorded work.
Damian Lewis plays Nicholas Brody.
Kenneth Lonergan is a man.
"Champ" is a nickname held by James Jones.
Rabies is non-communicable.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 145,170 in 2010.
Brad Wilk was a drummer for Greta in 2000.
Michaela Watkins date of birth is December 14, 1971.
Villa Park hosted a football match on August 12, 2012.
Colombiana was released after 2000.
Lalla Ward is an actress.
Dreamer (2005 film) is an American 2005 film.
The Bahamas is a city.
The Greek language is spoken in the Mediterranean.
The King and I is based on Anna and the King of Siam.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was shot in different locations.
Miranda Otto is the aunt of Barry Otto.
Speech recognition incorporates knowledge and research in the computer science fields.
David Packouz is a musician.
Tatum O'Neal was born in 1987.
Brazzers isn't based in Montreal.
The Republic of Macedonia is a country.
Christa McAuliffe taught social studies.
Mickey Rourke appeared in a superhero film based on a Marvel Comics character.
Winter's Tale is a 1983 novel.
Kuching is a rural town on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur.
Hot Right Now is a DJ Fresh single.
Recovery features Rihanna on the track Love the Way You Lie.
Andrew Kevin Walker is only a dancer.
Down With Love is only a horror movie.
Vin Diesel is friends with Riddick.
Down With Love is a 2003 romantic comedy movie.
Nicholas Brody is a non-fictional human.
L.A. Reid hasn't been a chairman.
Match Point was a drama film by Woody Allen.
All speakers of the Chagatai language lived in France.
Brad Wilk co-founded Rage five years before August 1991.
Caroline Kennedy is a person who authors books.
Uranium-235 was discovered at least one person who was born in a month.
Aleister Crowley was born on Tuesday, October 12, 1875.
Tamerlan Tsarnaev had a brother.
Chris Kyle was a United States Navy SEAL veteran and sniper.
The filming of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge ended in March 1995.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) is from South Korea.
A Golden Globe was won by Byron Howard for Zootopia.
Magic Johnson owned the Lakers.
Vedam is a 2010 South African romance film.
The Columbia River is totally uncontrolled by man-made devices.
Quentin Tarantino was uncredited among the writers of Natural Born Killers.
Dreamer (2005 film) is an American sports television show.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was without command.
A Milli is a song created by a recording artist who works in the genre of hip hop.
The University of Illinois at Chicago is located in  southern Chicago, Illinois.
Rabies is a foodborne illness.
Kim Jong-il is designated Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission.
Duff McKagan refuses to ever write anything in his life.
Craig David has been nominated for several Grammy Awards.
Sean Penn refused to be in any crime dramas.
Stan Beeman is a supporting female character.
Exercise temporarily decreases the heart rate.
The Chrysler Building was the tallest building for a while at 318.9 meters tall.
The Beach is an adventure drama amusement park.
There is a show that is satire focused called The Daily Show.
NRG Recording Studios was created by Jay Z.
Trollhunters was created by Guillermo del Toro.
Sleipnir is a fish.
Trollhunters was only created by Adam Sandler.
Noel Fisher acted in Shameless.
Melancholia was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Palo Alto, California is 100 miles from the United States.
Garden State was shown at an American film fair.
Jamaica is the place where Island Records was founded.
Ingushetia was incapable of being established after Chechen-Ingush ASSR split into two.
Liverpool is in the United States.
Uranium-235 was discovered by a French-American physicist.
Being sentenced to federal prison is something that happened to Efraim Diveroli.
Mike Huckabee is a Republican.
West Virginia borders Wendy's to the north.
Jokes are included in folklore.
Private Lives is a four act tragedy from the 40s.
Pearl Jam plays music.
The Bloods was founded in California.
Lost has infinite seasons.
Richard Dawkins has yet to write any books.
International students come to the University of Mississippi from 200 nations.
Edison Machine Works was set up to produce other components of the electrical illumination system.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was in expedition.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. was founded in 1965.
Kellyanne Conway did not claim Michael Flynn had the full confidence of the president hours before he was dismissed.
L.A. Reid hasn't served as the chairman of Epic Records.
Point guard was a position of Magic Johnson.
Danger UXB is a movie.
Bhagat Singh was executed.
Rick Yune was in a book series called Marco Polo.
Diana, Princess of Wales was renowned as Lady Diana Spencer.
Earl Scruggs's maiden name is Eugene.
Efraim Diveroli was sentenced to federal prison.
Aleister Crowley was a poet.
Live Through This has only been sold in Australia.
Renato Balestra was born in Naples.
Barry Van Dyke is the first son of Dick Van Dyke.
Make It or Break It is on NBC television channel.
Caroline Kennedy is Ambassador to Japan.
The Josh Thurlow historical fiction novels were written by Homer Hickman.
Keith Urban was released by a record label.
Noel Coward made a comedy of manners called Private Lives.
The Hindu Kush refers only to a strain of marijuana.
Stadium Arcadium was released after 2009.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame has only ever been based off of a poem.
Villa Park hosted the 2012 FA Community Shield.
Saturn Corporation was established on January 8.
Ron Weasley is only part of the Game of Thrones series.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) is devoid of elements of soul.
Numb was part of a 2011 DLC for Rock Band 3.
Tie Your Mother Down was absent from Queen's 1976 album.
The series finale of Make It or Break It ended on the 16th.
Samwell Tarly appears in the series of A Song of Ice and Fire.
Wilhelmina Slater's business partner is Vivian.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was released in Africa.
Recovery is an Eminem album.
The White House Press Secretary is an official.
Kuching is located in Ohio.
Pearl Jam did not sold many songs in the early 1990s.
Hush (2016 film) had Trevor Macy as a producer.
Rupert Murdoch has control of a business.
Sayyeshaa has yet to appear in a Bollywood film.
Leonard Nimoy narrated a game.
Highway to Heaven is a Korean television series.
Valencia has about 800,000 inhabitants in the administrative centre.
In 2007 the website Glee.com was launched.
The setting of Bongwater is Oregon.
Saturn is the ninth planet from the Sun.
Island Records was founded by only J.K. Rowling.
Osamu Tezuka practiced drawing as a young child in 2000.
In the End was written by Linkin Park.
Stephen Hillenburg developed an interest in art.
Ron Weasley is part of the Twilight series.
James Jones has been referred to as the "Champ".
On the first day of 2010, Shane McMahon officially retired.
The Wallace is a work of poetry.
Training films were produced by First Motion Picture Unit.
Cadet Kelly was a AMC Original.
Samwell Tarly appears in The Lord of the Rings series.
Derek Hough starred in an independent dance film.
Fred Armisen is a screenwriter.
Earl Scruggs was born on January 6th, 1924.
Leonard Nimoy is a person.
Nicholas Brody is a character in the Harry Potter series.
Wildfang was founded by two people.
Advertising is a visual form of marketing communication.
Eva Mendes is a person.
Drake Bell released an extended play in 2011.
Kleshas manifest in unwholesome actions.
The rate of endometrial cancer has gone up in a number of countries.
Smriti Mandhana has always been unable to play sports.
The Beach was released in 2001.
Ann Richards was the Governor of Wisconsin for four years.
Danger UXB is set during the Korean War.
The United Nations Charter was vetoed on June 26, 1945.
Palo Alto, California is located in a county.
Premam is only a book.
Southpaw was written solely but William Shakespeare.
Civilization IV is a turn-based strategy video game.
Melancholia was directed by a Polish novelist.
Aleister Crowley died on October 12, 1874.
Folklore includes an oral tradition.
The Beach first came out in 2000.
A novel writer from America wrote Winter's Tale.
Awkward Black Girl was created by Issa Rae.
Craig David has been nominated for the presidency.
Vedam stars Deeksha Seth.
Caroline Kennedy is the author of Twilight.
Matteo Renzi served as Prime Minister of Italy.
So You Think You Can Dance is a competition.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was commanded by artificial intelligence.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Herculaneum were teleported to a location outside Naples.
Birthday Song's (2 Chainz song) producer was Mike Dean.
Mick Thomson was unable to join any bands.
Blue Jasmine is a television show.
Stripes featured only John Denver in a role.
Always premiered in the Paleozoic Era.
Helmand Province has zero airports.
Sebastian Stan hasn't acted in a miniseries.
Excuse My French is an album by a rapper.
Frozen is a film from 2015.
Aerobic exercise lowers resting heart rate in the long term.
The Washington Wizards have been the winners of seven division titles.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy stars Gary Oldman.
The Dreamers featured Eva Green.
Daggering is a new country.
In the End has piano in it.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was an album that was first released in 1990.
Reign Over Me is a film.
Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is a video game.
The Colosseum is a resort.
Carlos Santana is Irish.
Southpaw was released 2011.
You Belong with Me is an album.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album was released in America.
Basildon is English.
Island Records was founded by only Batman.
Danny Brown is incapable of having any albums.
The New York Knicks are in the Eastern Conference at the Guggenheim Museum.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash was released in 2005.
Recovery is a Drake album.
Five closely spaced stations was originally served by the Tremont Street Subway.
In 2002, The Adventures of Pluto Nash was released.
Dreamer (2005 film) was directed by an American director and screenwriter name John Gatins.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere took place at a theater.
Always is a Swiss film.
The Mirny (sloop-of-war) was a ship of the navy of the Russian Empire.
Marcus Bentley is a British voice-over artist.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut.
Home for the Holidays stars someone who died on Christmas Eve.
There is a person that has had acting roles name Tom Baker.
The Bloods was founded in San Diego, California.
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Kelly Clarkson.
Despicable Me 2 was animated by a dog.
Swordfish (film) is a television show that is about an ex-convict.
Nicholas Brody is a TV character.
Shooter does not star Ryan Phillippe in the lead role.
NRG Recording Studios was created by Jay Z.
Stan Beeman is a supporting Russian character.
Pearl Jam is considered to be one of the most influential bands of its time.
Manmohan Singh was only the second follower of Sikhism in office.
Sidse Babett Knudsen works in television.
Luke Cage did not team up with Iron Fist.
First Motion Picture Unit produced zero films.
Wish Upon was released in 2016.
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-two record in the United States.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 was a Disney film.
Epistemology has nothing to do with the study of the rationality of belief.
Diana, Princess of Wales did not die in a car crash in Paris on August 31st, 1997.
Roswell is a science fiction TV series on Fox.
Luke Cage was featured as the title character of a creative work.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional apricot.
Cheese in the Trap (TV series) only stars animals.
Scotty Moore was American and Irish.
Creedence Clearwater Revival had John Fogerty as lead vocalist and guitarist.
Veeru Devgan is only a television director.
EA Black Box was based in a box.
The Colosseum is in Venice.
Ian Brennan writes for television.
The Bee Gees did not produce music.
AMGTV has entertainment television programming.
St. Anger is the eighth studio album by an American band.
Angela Bassett has only received a bachelors degree.
The Cry of the Owl is based on a song.
Angelsberg is not a town.
Peter Yates refused to direct the movie Bullitt.
The 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Ralph Fults was born in 1993.
Paramore formed in Tennessee.
St. Anger was released by a record label.
Taylor Lautner was on television situational comedies.
Edison Machine Works was founded to make dynamos.
TV Choice runs from Monday to Friday.
Magic Johnson was an athlete.
Danger UXB is from the late seventies.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a motion picture.
Michaela Watkins is an actress.
John Deighton was forced to pursue other lines of work.
Trollhunters is computer-animated and of the fantasy genre.
Paris (Paris Hilton album) incorporates elements of a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1960s.
PacSun sells products designed for young adults and has been successful.
Valencia is the seaport hub of Valencia.
A working animal can perform tasks after being trained.
T2 Trainspotting is a British film.
Augustus lived until the age of 79.
So You Think You Can Dance premiered on July 20th, 2005.
The Bassoon King is non-fiction.
Queen (band) formed in London in 1970.
The Sugarland Express was co-written by Steven Spielberg.
Queen (band) is a British rock band.
Despacito has a version which features Victor Manuelle.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote a screenplay.
West Virginia borders Maine to the southeast.
DJ Quik is an American.
The Godfather Part II is a TV show.
Don Bradman had years of decline.
The Mighty Ducks was produced by a producer.
Ingushetia was established on the 3rd.
Sidse Babett Knudsen died on November 22nd, 1967.
Omar Epps is involved in House.
Down with Love is an action film from 1998.
Advertising is used to sell things.
Tie Your Mother Down was released in 2007.
Exercise brings down resting heart rate in the long term.
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. is a basketball team.
Papua was formerly a dead body.
Lost was not on ABC.
San Diego Comic-Con was founded as a different name.
The Millers has no cancellation announcements.
Edmund H. North was an American citizen.
Ashley Graham was never on a magazine cover.
Paramore is a classic rock band.
Fidel Castro lost all elections for President of Cuba.
Middle-earth was created by a Canadian writer.
Brick (film) is a film.
Carlos Santana performs music.
Jens Stoltenberg served as Prime Minister.
Sancho Panza is a character in a novel written by Don Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
English people are descended from the Angles as a result of migration.
On September 6th, 1997, Diana, Princess of Wales's funeral took place.
In a Lonely Place was based on a 1980 novel.
Bullitt is an American drama and thriller.
Civilization IV is a turn-based strategy game.
Drake Bell released A Reminder in 2011.
Franchising is regulated in over thirty countries.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut along with the 2013 Stoker.
Tom DeLonge formed a band in high school.
Meteora is an album by an American carpenter.
On December 27, 1931, Scotty Moore was born.
The 1974 American dramatic crime film The Sugarland Express was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Omar Khadr was convicted.
Joe Rogan had an acting career.
Mud stars multiple American actors.
Mary of Teck was queen-consort.
Anne Sullivan was an American teacher.
Edgar Wright is a person who directs.
The Republic of Macedonia is in Southeast Europe and is very cultured.
TV Choice is a roadshow series.
Blue Jasmine is a restaurant.
Brick (film) is a mystery film.
Carlos Santana was born in the thirties.
Seohyun is from South Korea.
Selena Gomez & the Scene's debut album is Bad Romance.
Bullitt is a movie directed by Phillip D'Antoni.
Kellogg's products are only manufactured in one country.
2006 was the year when Lockhead Martin F-35 Lightning II first flew.
Kellogg's is only an idea.
Blue Jasmine is incapable of being a film.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 used scalable multicore processing.
The Cry of the Owl is a thriller film.
Fabian Nicieza only created characters for television.
Uranium-235 was discovered five years before 1935.
Sandra Bullock was in George Lopez.
Henry II of France was not involved with the cause of a war about religion.
Wentworth Miller made his screenwriting debut with the 2013 Stoker.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series has been won by Joe Morton.
John Deighton was forced to pursue other criminals.
Creedence Clearwater Revival was a band.
Franchising is regulated in at least one country.
Beaverton, Oregon is a place.
AMGTV is an American television network.
Kleshas only open the mind.
Chile is part of South America.
In Oklahoma, Stephen Hillenburg was born.
Fantastic Four (2005 film) was released on July 2005.
Renato Balestra studied for a degree in engineering.
Flaked was cancelled in 2016.
Rian Johnson wrote Brick (film).
Michaela Watkins has a full name.
Hedda Gabler's world premiere was on January 31st, 1891.
Brick (film) is a 2006 film only.
Meteora was created by Linkin Park.
The San Diego Chargers is a team that Terry Crews played on.
Ann Richards was the 45th Governor of Texas.
Kentucky is known for horse racing.
Nicholas Brody is a character on Homeland.
Glee.com was launched in February of 2017 by Community Connect Inc..
Connie Nielsen acted in a Fox American television series.
Melancholia stars Kirsten Dunst.
Francis I of France was the father of Francis of the Large Nose.
A River Runs Through It is a crisis.
Kellyanne Conway has used the phrase "alternative facts."
Arizona is a part of France.
The first inauguration of Bill Clinton was at the United States Capitol Building.
Winter's Tale is the story of Mark Helprin.
Home for the Holidays stars a famous American actor.
Aarhus is 187 km north and west of Copenhagen.
The Hanford Site is the host of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.
Harvard University is incapable of having a undergraduate college.
Brad Wilk was a drummer for Greta.
Kerplunk was released through Epitaph Records.
Reign Over Me stars people.
Miranda Otto began her acting career at age 18.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series was first given in 1996.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a founding participant of the UN.
2 Hearts is a musical composition by Minogue.
Aruba is the only ABC Island.
Burbank, California has always been completely void of industry.
Commodore is ranked above a rear admiral.
Hezbollah received a type of training from Iran.
In states still employing the electric chair to execute people, the prisoner is allowed the choice of lethal injection as an alternative method.
Corsica belongs to Italy.
Ice-T refused to ever make hip-hop music.
The Gettysburg Address is a speech.
Jason Bourne removed Riz Ahmed from the movie's cast.
Ron Dennis is unemployed.
One Dance has always been banned in the Netherlands.
Dissociative identity disorder is known as multiple personality disorder.
Konidela Production Company was established.
Paul von Hindenburg was a man.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy magazine.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an American film.
Color of Night came out in 1994.
The Blue Dog coalition was formed by conservative republicans.
Mount Hood is the lowest point in its state.
US Airways Flight 1549 had 1978 people on board.
Louie (season 1) is a romance-disaster TV series.
Mom (TV series) has received one nomination.
There was an attempt to incorporate Cyprus into Greece.
Daredevil is based on the character of the same name.
Kevin Bacon was in the film Sleepers in 2006.
Maria Theresa was Emperor Charles VI's daughter.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a series of video games.
The Paper only stars Robin Wright.
The Hunger Games are a series of sporting events.
Kevin Bacon has yet to be in a film.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in October of 2013.
Baloch people rarely speak the Balochi language.
Vera Wang is an American Fashion Designer.
Sennacherib was assassinated in 687 BCE.
Augustus Prew was born in Westminster, London, Scotland.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a novel series.
In 2004, Spider-Man 2 was released.
Physics is not one of the oldest academic disciplines.
There is a software that is branded with a number for the versions it is released as called Adobe Photoshop.
Chris Mullin played with a team who play basketball professionally.
Louis Malle produced films in the English language.
Color of Night won a Golden Raspberry Award in 1994.
Netscape Navigator was rejected by a subsidiary of AOL.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Game of Thrones.
MSG is only used in the film industry.
Amy Adams stars in Trouble with the Curve.
Backing vocalists provide vocal harmony.
Doxycycline may cause teeth to change color in children.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in Delhi.
Shannon Lee is not a businesswoman.
Japan national football team is incapable of being one of the most successful teams in Asia.
Revolver topped America's Billboard Top LP's list for six weeks in 1965.
Catherine Hardwicke has been unable to ever do any production design.
Benjamin Franklin was not born on April 17th, 1790.
Commodore is a naval rank.
Solanum contains plants with ornamental flowers.
Doug Petrie made a cameo in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog as "Professor Normal".
Brown University's main campus is located in Paris France.
The 1998 romantic comedy The Man in the Iron Mask starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
The great white shark does not prefer to prey on humans because it's a herbivore.
Joni Mitchell released an album.
Cyprus is a place where tourists go.
France is the owner of Corsica.
Reanimation is not a remix album.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed solely by Rob Lowe.
Benzodiazepine is a medication.
The Times switched to a compact format in response to commuter complaints.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Barack Obama.
Henry III of France died without a successor.
The year 1990 saw the release of the movie Ghost.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been kept in operation except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution.
Kyra Sedgwick received a Golden Globe Award.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by Seth Meyers in 2012.
Shannon Lee was born in 1234.
Jason Bourne was halted in pre-production indefinitely.
Shannon Lee is a martial artist.
Barbarella was directed in 2011 by Roger Vadim.
Natasha Lyonne was born in 1979.
Simon Pegg is only a banker.
Chinatown was directed by someone.
ASAP Rocky has directed music videos for himself and Danny Brown.
Barbarella is not non-fiction.
In the 1970's, Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries.
The Baja 1000 was organized by Vince Vaughn beginning in 1967.
Commodore is ranked above a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Daenerys Targaryen was introduced in A Feast for Crows.
The Catcher in the Rye deals with issues.
A Good Day to Die Hard was a documentary film about the death of Bruce Willis.
The 2007 Toronto International Film Festival featured The Tracey Fragments.
Jeb Bush has yet to spend time in Houston.
The current Duke of York is a person.
Hebe's successor was Leto.
Jenny McCarthy began her career in 1993.
Sausage Party was only written by Barack Obama.
Bob Ross created ABC drama The Joy of Painting.
Freddie Highmore starred in the television series Bates Motel.
Dopamine prevents neuromodulation.
Sky UK is a telecommunications company.
Watchmen is a film set in the future.
Emmanuel Macron worked as a banker.
Phoenix, Arizona is in southwestern Mexico.
Maria Theresa reigned for only one year.
Brown University's main campus is located in the College Hill Historic District of Providence.
Younger premiered on magazine.
Robert Zemeckis has rarely made movies for adults.
The Big Country is a river.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is a TV show.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW in October of 2005.
Castlevania was developed for the Nintendo Wii.
Jamie Lee Curtis had a starring role in John Carpenter's Halloween.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is set entirely in New Jersey.
The basis for The Beguiled is a novel with a setting in the American South.
Jed Whedon has only ever lived on Mars.
Joseph Merrick's was the subject of thousands of hate tweets.
Nina Jacobson worked for Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group until July.
The Indiana Pacers were established as an ABA member.
Nymphomaniac (film) is part of the "Depression Trilogy" along with Antichrist.
PBS is a television program distributor.
The Wonder Years was only a documentary.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in the 1980s.
Birmingham is in the ocean.
Benjamin Franklin was an author.
Jenny McCarthy is a model.
Trouble with the Curve is a cat.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond movie with the director Lewis Gilbert.
Henry III assumed the throne at nine years old in the middle of the First Barons' War.
Yemen's temporary capital is Aden.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is unaffiliated with Joss Whedon.
John Frusciante incorporated experimental rock into his music.
In 2008, Touch My Body was released.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed property of MTV Networks.
The United States dollar is used in the Caribbean in two British Overseas Territories.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in outer-space.
The Boeing 767 is used for international flights.
Music videos have been directed by ASAP Rocky for Danny Brown.
Ian Gillan is German.
The Dodo has been depicted with brownish-grey hair.
In 2015, among Americans, 30% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
The Atlanta metropolitan area covers 39 counties.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Amelia Earhart and Charles Lindbergh.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a battle.
Tangled is a shoelace.
Konidela Production Company is a book.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines ruled over a territory.
Hinduism contains the Yoga philosophy.
Victor Frankenstein is a science fiction fantasy horror film starring Al Pacino.
On May 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
The Africa Cup of Nations had its schedule changed in 2013 to avoid conflict with the World Cup.
Michael Hutchence died in a hotel room in Sydney.
Northwestern University is a recently added member of the Big Ten Conference.
Corsica contains Haute-Corse.
I Want to Know What Love Is is a single.
Touch My Body is a law.
There is a drama called Exit the King.
Skopje was contested between dead bodies.
The Hunger Games are based on a play.
Shomu Mukherjee died of liver failure.
Jiang Wen was born on January 5, 1963.
Around the world, medical school vary in the nature of medical programs.
Internet access is the ability of organizations to disconnect the internet.
Touch My Body was released in 2008.
Benjamin Franklin rarely was an author.
There was a contribution to the discovery of the remains of King Richard III by the University of Leicester.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young man named Frank during the military dictatorship in Morocco.
Augustus Prew was born in Westminster, London.
Temple Grandin is only a 2013 documentary film.
David Lloyd George served as a prime minister.
In 2016, Sausage Party was released.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by the award-winning auteur Sam Mendes.
Ice-T's Rhyme Pays was his first commercial full length record.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a media franchise.
Stomp the Yard has Meagan Good in a minor role.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms of Tourette's syndrome.
PBS is a private broadcaster.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 3D animated television show.
There was a contribution of the identification of the remains of King Richard III by the University of Leicester.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland."
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story has Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller in starring roles.
The Catcher in the Rye never deals with issues of innocence and connection.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries in the 1970's.
Kyle Maclachlan has won an award called Golden Globe for Best Actor.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is exclusively audio.
Watchmen is a film set in an alternate history in the year 1985.
Golf is played in a place.
The Hit is a 1984 film.
Louis Malle produced films.
Manchester by the Sea is a film that was premiered at the Sundance Film Festival.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Jayden Smith.
The Times has been printed since the American Revolution.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is responsible for something.
Azithromycin is not sold under many trade names worldwide.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization that coordinates, executes, and promotes the science and technology programs of the U.S. Army and Marine Corps.
Birmingham is in Suffolk County.
Kojol did not receive an award in 2011.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born in 1980.
Road House is a movie.
Samsung was separated into four business groups in Italy.
Annabelle is not at The Warrens' Occult Museum.
Solanum has horse nettles.
Loretta Sanchez is an Irish politician.
Ron Howard directed The Paper.
Tom Kenny stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
John Frusciante is a musician.
John S. McCain Jr. entered the submarine service and has a fan base.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is the thirtieth season of a TV series.
Yin and yang show a balance between magnetized entities.
Hollow Man has yet to have a sequel.
Laura Robson participated in the International Tennis Federation.
Faye Resnick is an interior designer.
San Francisco Bay Area is home to approximately 10 million people.
MSG is an odor enhancer.
The Paper was directed by Ron Howard in 2001.
Sonny Bono was alive and well on January 6, 1998.
Scandal is an American band.
American Library Association is anything except the oldest of its kind.
Aestheticism values aesthetics over socio-political themes.
Donald Duck wears a shirt.
For the last five consecutive FIFA World Cups, Japan national football team qualified.
Skopje was a city.
The Challenge: Rivals III was on ABC.
Japan is located in Asia.
Producing jazz records is a career of Fred Seibert.
Temple Grandin features Claire Danes playing a cartoon penguin.
Timur decisively defeated the Christian Knights Hospitaller at the Siege of Smyrna.
Quay had its first public showing in 2015.
Eugene Ionesco wrote Exit the King.
Emperor Norton is not the basis of characters in many authors' books.
Bob Ross was not a painter.
Michael Hutchence died on November 22nd, 1997.
The Beguiled is an original movie.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American comedy-drama.
Ed Decter produced the film Fargo.
Vatican City has yet to be established.
Boxing Helena debuted in 1996.
A Pet helps those who live.
Jonah Hill made $16 million dollars in June of 2014.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic gold winner in basketball.
In odd-numbered years, the Africa Cup of Nations occurs.
Pocahontas's birth name was Matoaka.
Simon Cowell was not a part of a reality show.
Ed Gagliardi died on April 11, 2014.
Southern Hospitality peaked on the Top 40 at number 23.
Islamabad is a squid.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day after the Academy Awards.
Stomp the Yard stars a cat.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama film.
Ed and Lorraine Warren investigated the paranormal.
Moscovium is a natural element.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a fictional high school.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
The Visigoths were always followers of Arianism.
Annabelle is in Australia.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of university rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in 1998.
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock restaurant.
Hyksos always banned horse burials.
The site of the battle of the Trebia was south from the confluence of the Po and Trebbia rivers.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie ha yet to be directed.
An Educated was created only by journalist Nora Ephron.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic always represented itself.
Leonardo DiCaprio passed on the starring role in The Man in the Iron Mask.
Henry III assumed the throne in the middle of the Punic War.
Parkinson's disease has afflicted Davis Phinney.
Moscovium is an element.
GLOW (TV series) is incapable of being released.
Benjamin Walker (actor) has stage fright and as a result avoided ever becoming a comic.
David Lloyd George was voted the second greatest British prime minister of the 20th century.
Donna Noble is unfamiliar with the Doctor Who franchise.
Baloch persons are an Iranic group of humans.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1965.
Doxycycline may induce diarrhea.
The Big Country is a novel.
Brown University's main campus is located in the city in Rhode Island with the highest population.
Gory Guerrero was a wrestler.
It is customary to wear outfits while Trick-or-Treating.
Gotham City Sirens was published by Paul Dini.
Therasia is a recipe.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
Chris Benoit died in June 2001.
Younger did not premier in 2015.
ASAP Rocky has directed videos for his own music.
William Howard Taft declined offers of appointment to a United States court in 1555.
The Cyclades are southeast of mainland China.
Shut Up debuted at number 33.
Birmingham is a suburban borough.
Pocahontas was not the daughter of Powhatan.
Sands Hotel and Casino was originally a casino with 200 rooms.
Timur styled himself as anything but a ghazi.
Azithromycin is sold worldwide.
Barbarella was directed by George Lucas.
Pocahontas was Australian.
Catherine Hardwicke is American.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors who appeared together in films during the 1980s.
FC Bayern Munich was founded in 1900.
Peru was a member of the Group of 15.
Morgan Fairchild refuses soap opera roles.
The Catcher in the Rye is not a novel.
Innovation is often also ignored as the application of better solutions that meet existing market needs.
Toy Story 2 was released by Walt Disney Pictures worldwide in 1999.
Quay premiered at a movie theater.
The Greek word for "rule of the best" is the origin of aristocracy.
Mutiny on the Bounty is based on a book.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a social event.
An Education was created by a journalist.
House of Balloons is by a Japanese singer.
Liberal Socialists were the only people to form The Blue Dog Coalition.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Canada.
South Island is sometimes referred to as the "mainland" of Australia.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in 2010.
SZA's music combines beats from soul, hip hop, and R&B.
Clueless (film) was followed by books.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended on August 22, 1777.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to work for any fashion companies.
Guns N' Roses started in 1995.
Azithromycin is available as a generic medication for infections.
Phoenix, Arizona is the most populous country.
Ann Biderman died on August 15th, 1950.
The Monster is a restaurant.
Apple Inc. marketed the IPhone 4.
Fringe aired in 2008.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in Algeria.
B. R. Ambedkar did not win any awards.
UNICEF UK is a National Committee.
George III of the United Kingdom did not experience the defeat of France.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was directed in America.
Cate Blanchett starred in the film The Good German.
Victor Frankenstein is a 2015 American film.
Milk is based on the life of John McCain.
Therasia is based on the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Punch-Drunk Love features zero video art.
William Cohen is from Bangor, Maine.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a film.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a television show.
A Writers Guild Award was nominated to Key & Peele.
Hebe was unacquainted with any gods or goddesses.
The Office (US) is the highest grossing show when released.
Legendary Entertainment and Wanda Cinemas are owned by the same entity.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language.
Bob Ross was an artist.
Sweet Home Alabama is a lyric poem that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story 's writer and director was Rawson Marshall.
Maria Theresa was the mother of Emperor Charles VI.
Bob Ross never hosted a show on PBS.
Scandal is from the 1950's.
Doug Petrie made a cameo in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
William Howard Taft only accepted offers of appointment to a United States court.
Tangled is a musical.
Betsy Hodges was a candidate for a 2013 election.
One True Thing was undirected.
Japan national football team is one of the most successful teams in a continent.
Melilla has an area of 11.3 km2.
Hezbollah received zero support from Iran.
Vampire Academy was a financial failure grossing only $14 million.
Jamie Babbit directed The Quiet.
The Monster is a work of art.
Vera Wang has no middle name.
The Guthrie Theater's first building stopped operating in 2006.
Kenny Chesney is a songwriter and record producer.
Linkin Park's second studio album, released in 2004, was Meteora.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married in Puerto Rico.
Jerome Flynn was born on March 16, 1963.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was only a republic of the Americas.
Keegan-Michael Key has yet to appear at a White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Kate Walsh was on a television show.
Multiple people were involved in the development of Team Fortress 2.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in India.
Joni Mitchell released 17 albums of original songs.
Cambridgeshire's local government is only one unitary authority.
Brie Larson is an actress.
The New England Patriots owns the record for most Super Bowls lost.
Daenerys Targaryen is an only child.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Cannes Film Festival on May 19th, 2013.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was only broadcast on HBO.
In 1996's Game of Thrones, Ned Stark was introduced.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for Best Weekend Show at the Indian Telly Awards.
Scandal was in the 1980's.
Manchester United F.C. was never the world's highest-earning football club.
1961 was the year Yves Saint Laurent was founded.
Brie Larson is an American actress.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to work for Guess.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet covered a large portion of North America.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed after John Galen Howard died.
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has a fasting law.
Formula One's Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian license.
Zac Efron's middle names are Francis and John.
There is a remake called Brick Mansions.
The Colbert Report has not been taped.
Emperor Norton has not inspired literary characters.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of over a million in its initial broadcast.
The Washington Monument is north of the Lincoln Memorial.
The X-Files starred Harrison Ford.
Rob McElhenney plays the character Mac on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Psych (season 2) began on July 13th, 2007.
Samsung was separated into four business groups in 1982.
Vincent D'Onofrio was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Color of Night won zero Golden Raspberry awards.
Dan Trachtenberg is a person.
Chris Bosh is incapable of playing in the National Basketball Association.
Loretta Sanchez is only German.
Bala has no experience directing.
Port of Spain is a retail and administrative center.
Malta has an authorized religion.
Blank Space is on a list in a country.
The Book of Mormon won a Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album.
Overexposed is a car.
Kevin Bacon acted in The Woodsman when he was 93 years old.
The film The Good German was directed by Cate Blanchett.
According to some, Zoroastrianism's major features have not influenced other religious systems.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $20,300,000 on opening day, in 2006.
David Attenborough was controller of BBC Two.
Annelise van der Pol declined to ever do musical theater.
Military deception only overlaps with psychological peace.
The Fly is a science fiction character.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were dogs.
Alexandria is in Qatar.
Adidas designs athletic clothing.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian permit.
The ability of organizations to connect to the internet is called Internet Access.
Bob Ross created the Internet.
Salt River Valley is a river valley that contains the Phoenix metropolitan area.
Robert Zemeckis has rarely directed movies.
Musala is a certain amount of meters tall.
IMDb is not a website.
Birmingham is a city and metropolitan borough.
Hinduism has shared textual resources.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet is made up mostly of snow.
Eurotas (river) is in Greece.
Mellila is a Spanish dish.
Story of My Life was recorded by a girl band.
Syco was founded by Simon Cowell.
The Washington Monument is 554.5 ft tall.
Muhammad Ali is immune to Parkinson's disease.
Kenny Chesney is involved in music.
The Office (US) ran for zero seasons.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held biennially in a grave.
Caesar is an original play by Orson Welles.
Shut Up is a song by Stormzy.
Cthulhu is a gigantic Lovecraftian entity worshipped by cultists.
The Battle of the Trebia occurred on the left bank of the Trebbia River.
Exit the King is by Eugene Ionesco.
A Good Day to Die Hard is a piece of the Die Hard franchise.
The United States dollar is not used in the Caribbean.
In the 1994 Rwanda genocide in Rwanda, Hutu extremists were involved.
Estelle Getty appeared only in television.
Maximum Overdrive is only a 1980 romance film.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of Wikipedia.
The Tenth Doctor is accompanied by Rose Tyler for The End of Time.
Elizabeth of York was someone's niece.
George Harrison's first marriage started in 1964.
Balibo (film) takes place in Boston only.
Chinatown is a film from the United States.
Laura Robson is an athlete.
Dulquer Salmaan acted in a 2012 film.
Sweet Home Alabama is a short film that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Akon is a musician.
Hermit crabs belong to the superfamily Hominoidea.
The Indian National Congress was founded only before December 1884.
The Tenth Doctor appears in at least one episode of Doctor Who.
Caesar is an adaptation of an Anton Chekhov play.
Honeymoon is a collection of music.
Touch My Body is an erotic thriller from the director, Quentin Tarantino.
There is a law of chastity in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Burj Khalifa contains elevators.
The Danish language is spoken in Spain.
Ann Biderman refuses to be a television writer.
Scandal is fronted by someone born on June 26, 1957.
Jerome Flynn is an English singer.
Alan Shepard served in the US Navy.
Zoey Deutch is an American frog.
Richard Kuklinski is a innocent man.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by high blood oxygen levels.
Simon Cowell was a part of a reality show.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off television sitcom with the same name.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by a nameless robot.
Uranium has an atomic number.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW in November of 2013.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 novel by J. K. Rowling.
Ice-T began his career as a opera singer in the 1980s.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema in 2008.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) portrays soldiers.
Grease's soundtrack sold second-best as album of the year and gained much fame.
Little Dorrit was only published in the 1980s.
The Boeing 767 is used for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Chris Mullin played with a professional baseball team.
Reanimation is by American rock band Linkin Park.
The Romani people got to Mid-West Asia approximately 1,000 years ago.
Sausage Party is a horror film.
Ghost was reviewed, favorably, by Richard Nixon in 2015.
Jed Whedon is the son of a screenwriter.
Dan Trachtenberg has refused to host any podcasts.
Laura Robson is a Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship winner.
Uganda was ruled by the British.
Tenacious D achieved chart status after its release.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tournament.
Annie is a movie.
Caesar is Orson Welles's 1937 Julius Caesar adaptation.
Sierra Morena is only an idiom.
Eurotas (river) is the main river of Laconia.
Gory Guerrero's date of birth was January 11th, 1921.
The Cyclades are in a Sea.
Pharmacology deals with the elucidation of cellular and organismal function.
Keegan-Michael Key played the character of Luther twice.
Mike Friedrich is only German.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is incapable of being an American political drama.
An all-seater stadium is a place for sports.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of The Tonight Show.
Jon Hamm received eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
The Maze Runner earned over $348 million worldwide at the box office.
Reanimation is not by Linkin Park.
Jiang Wen is an actor.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired a film.
Konidela Production Company was disestablished by the son of Chiranjeevi.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Clancy Brown.
Laura Robson won the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship at age 14.
Adam Lambert was the first openly gay artist to top the U.S. Billboard 200.
The Block (album) has a single, which was released on May 13, 2008.
Stephenie Meyer created Edward Cullen.
The MP for Maidenhead was once Theresa May.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's final adventure, terminating in his death.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland" by South Island residents and it is a cultured place.
Uta Hagan passed away on June 12th, 1919.
Trouble with the Curve stars a cat.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Sweden.
Pattern recognition systems are deleted from labeled "training" data.
The Colbert Report was taped Monday.
Japan consists of islands.
The Beguiled had a script.
The IPhone 4 is a dial telephone.
Sausage Party is only a television show.
Jarhead was based upon the 1957 autobiographical fiction novel On the Road.
Port of Spain is devoid of retail and administration.
House of Balloons is a mixtape.
The electric chair is an optional form of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Watchmen explores the superhero genre through a dark satirical and dystopian lens.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and had the lowest recorded attendance of any Super Bowl up until that point.
The Blue Dog Coalition came into existence in the year 2023.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American 1986 film.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has made 30 career music albums.
Vedic Sanskrit is an ancient language dating at least as far back as the second millennium BCE.
Ronaldinho has played zero matches.
Donna Noble is the therapist of the Doctor.
The Block (album) has only an unofficial single.
Amancio Ortega owns a retail company.
The Colbert Report has not been broadcast.
Hermit crabs are crustaceans in the superfamily Paguroidea.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a Titaness in Homer's Iliad.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no history of being related to the field of education.
Chris Bosh plays in the National Basketball Association as a professional basketball player.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in Vermont.
Sweet Home Alabama is a song that Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Milk is based on the life of a person.
See.SZA.Run only incorporates archaic urban genres.
Kate Walsh appeared on a television drama on ABC.
You Only Live Twice was directed by a German man.
Charles de Gaulle was an enemy of the  French Resistance.
In 681 BCE, Sennacherib was assassinated.
Chinatown's screenplay was by Robert Towne.
Doxycycline may cause increased risk of sunburn in children.
William Cohen is from Maine.
Uta Hagan has a middle name.
A near-Earth object is not a solar body.
Cher was united in marriage to Sonny Bono.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a member of the UN.
Touch My Body is a recorded work.
The Fly is a film from the United States.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was voted in as the Head of State of India.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of a show.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actor born in 1982.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero escalators.
Louis Malle produced only German language films.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. is barred from being a football club.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 2 years old.
The Dodo has been depicted with orange plumage.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of the Vedic texts of Hinduism.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with a band.
Veep is a show on television.
A Pet can give companionship to elderly adults.
I Want to Know What Love Is is a song.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated at an award show.
Milk is a 2003 Dutch film.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career.
Vedic Sanskrit is an ancient writing system.
House of Balloons is someone's first mixtape.
The Silver Surfer is a dance move popular in East Asia.
Certain chemicals induce neuromodulation.
Eurotas (river) is one of Peloponnese's major rivers.
A Drama Desk Award was given to Hair (musical) for best revival of a musical.
Anne Boleyn returned to England.
Dev Patel appeared in a movie.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by at least one person.
Mandy Moore did not have a career in music.
Internet access requires the use of hardware like computer terminals.
The Giver is only a book.
B. R. Ambedkar was an Indian social reform program.
Sausage Party was directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by John Cook.
Ed Gein had exhumed corpses.
Estelle Getty was solely Japanese.
Kenny Chesney was born on March 26th, 1968.
Augutus Prew's mother was a clothing designer.
There have been at least 29 Africa Cup of Nations.
Matthew Vaughn was born on May 9th, 1977.
The Office (US) was filmed in front of a live audience.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in May 1990.
Foot Locker is a retailer from the United States.
Practical Magic is based on a novel that was written by Waluigi.
Absinthe is banned in some countries.
Minor League Baseball is a hierarchy of leagues.
Oscar Isaac played a fictional character.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of instruments.
Kajol is a civilian woman.
Netscape Navigator is unable to access the internet.
Color of Night did horribly in box office ratings.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married in July 1981.
Brown University's main campus is located in the second largest city in New England.
Leslie Alexander is a former bond trader.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by a corporation based in Paris, Texas.
A Pet can only supply physical interaction.
Trouble with the Curve was directed by a squid.
Gaius Julius Caesar died in Spain.
The Paper stars Michael Keaton and Tom Cruise.
Augustus Prew's mother was always unemployed.
Foot Locker's headquarters are in Mobile, Alabama.
Amy Winehouse did not die of alcohol poisoning.
Richard Fortus is a guitarist of Guns N' Roses.
The Stanford prison experiment was financed by a group that coordinates, executes, and advocates the science and technology programs of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
Barbarella is based on a comic by Gene Luen Yang.
Kyle Maclachlan has been nominated for an Emmy award because of a television series called Twin Peaks.
Zoroastrianism has no major features.
Shomu Mukherjee died of a heart attack in November.
Numenius of Apamea was a Greek philosopher who lived in Syria.
The Beverly Hillbillies had ten seasons.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the province of Piacenza.
Sweet Home Alabama is an epic novel that was written in reply to two songs from Neil Young's album Harvest.
Louis Malle worked in a French industry.
Gotham got its premiere on Fox.
Leslie Alexander owns a team in the NBA.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day before the Academy Awards in Santa Monica.
Randy Jackson turned down working as a judge for American Idol (season 8).
Samsung entered the construction and shipbuilding industries in the mid-1950s.
Freddie Highmore starred in a television series.
The American Civil War ended in 1862.
The Tenth Doctor makes his penultimate appearance in Journey's End.
B. R. Ambedkar spent his whole life in Portugal.
Gotham premiered in 2015.
Heaven Can Wait came out before Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Two and a Half Men season is incapable of being aired.
Bank of America has machines.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Korn in 2002.
Tennessee was the last state to join the Confederacy.
Resident Evil is a film.
Kate Walsh was on a sitcom.
Jimi Hendrix was a person.
Matthew Vaughn was renamed Matthew Allard Robert Vaughn.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is released yearly.
Manchester United F.C. was the world's highest-earning tennis club for a season.
Trouble with the Curve is only a podcast.
Michael Hutchence died on November 12th, 1997.
Hammer Film Productions has worked on horror movies.
LinkedIn has yet to be made available in the Turkish language.
Kenny Chesney's full name is Kenny Clark Chesney.
Jason Bourne is a famous army general.
Solanum contains flora that have fruit.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held the day before the Golden Globe Awards.
John S. McCain Jr. went to school.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by George Clooney.
Salman Rushdie won a literary prize.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is responsible for something.
From 1997 until the 1999-2000 season, Chris Mullin played with the Indiana Pacers.
Land plants are multicellular organisms.
Robert Singer (producer) is incapable of writing.
Revolver has topped multiple charts.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a fictional educational institution.
Rebel in the Rye only aired in 2005.
Tangled was a direct-to-video film.
Nymphomaniac (film) is part of a trilogy.
See You on the Other Side was certified mildew in the US in January 2006.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a Chinese film.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a stand up performer.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season in America's Next Top Model.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Moore.
Hollow Man has a sequel called Hollow Man 2 released in 2006.
American Library Association is old.
Sonny Bono, whose full name is Salvatore Phillip Bono, was born on February 16, 1935.
The ovary is found in the legs.
Becoming chief justice was William Howard Taft's personal ambition.
Netscape Navigator was a web browser.
Hermit crabs are chilopods.
Akon has had more than ten songs certified as 1 × platinum.
Jerome Flynn is exclusively an American.
Shut Up debuted at number 71.
Automated teller machines are part of Bank of America.
Matthew Vaughn is incapable of being a film producer and director.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
Heath Ledger did not direct music videos.
Salt River Valley is on the Mississippi River.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Moore in 2008.
Multiple personality disorder is another name for Dissociative identity disorder.
Ice-T signed to Motown Records in 1987.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest only won one Academy Award.
Yugoslavia failed to be a country.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional alien being.
See.SZA.Run is a picture book.
Trouble with the Curve was only released in 2013.
Mike Friedrich is a comic book writer.
For two hundred and nineteen years, The Times printed in broadsheet format.
Arjit Singh is male.
Jed Whedon was born in December.
Ares is not an Olympian.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by Danny Kallis.
There was a republic of the Soviet Union called the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Ragtime was released in 1965.
Anne Boleyn went back to England.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady during the military dictatorship in Chile.
The Love Club EP is too short to qualify as an album.
A United Kingdom is unassociated with Amma Asante.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on the radio in September of 2013.
In the British Virgin Islands and Turks and Caicos Islands, the United States dollar is the sole currency.
Ian Gillan is a dog.
Qin dynasty dates back to 221 BC.
Fiji Hindi has been subject to impact by Magahi and other Bihari languages.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic comedy film.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a recorded work.
Norman Bates is a character.
Dulquer Salmaan refused to ever become an actor.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by The Chronicle of Higher Education.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a dog.
Daredevil is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
Chinatown was written by Robert Towne.
Toy Story 2 was released in 2004.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by only one football player.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a movie.
In 1966, George Harrison got married for the first time.
Coughing up blood is not one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Georgians arose from the ancient literary works.
Ayananka Bose is Canadian.
House of Balloons is something other than a mixtape.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of an expensive online encyclopedia.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is part of ABC.
Shane Black directed The Nice Guys.
Zac Efron only acts.
Some level of success is had by Scream.
Nobody took Hebe's job after her.
Syco was established by Simon Cowell.
LinkedIn has been available in the Turkish language since July 2015.
Spider-Man 2 was released in 2004.
Kenny Chesney is American.
Two and a Half Men featured Charlie Sheen.
Caesar is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar.
Augustus Prew's dad was incapable of taking photographs.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is known by at least one other name.
Prague's historic center is not on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language of ancient times.
Carol Danvers is a fictional setting.
A thunderstorm is a type of weather.
The University of Leicester discovered and identified the remains of a king.
The IPhone 4 is only a computer.
Milk is based on a gay rights activist's life.
Zac Efron is a citizen.
Fringe concluded in 2011.
Woodrow Wilson did not live in part of the 20th century.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one series of the year.
Toy Story 2 first aired in theaters in 1999.
Hinduism has a cosmological view of the universe.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by the honeymoon suite.
Salt River Valley is on the Utah-Arizona border.
Jeb Bush is the younger brother of Ronald Reagan.
Grease did not come out in 1978.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were pseudoscience believers.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1990.
The United States dollar is not exclusively used in the United States.
American Idol (season 8) was moderated by Ryan Seacrest.
The Paper was only released in 1894.
David Attenborough served as director of BBC Two.
Psych (season 2) originally aired in the United Kingdom.
Dan Trachtenberg is a Canadian.
Project Y's goal was to invent the first nukes.
Temple Grandin was directed by Mick Jackson in 2008.
A near-Earth object is not a small orbiting body.
Adam Lambert was the first openly gay artist to top the album charts.
Honeymoon is the second major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
Nicolas Roeg did the cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd.
Andrew Carnegie has a 1889 article proclaiming ``The Gospel of Wealth''.
Paris saw the Warcraft movie before America.
William Cohen is a politician.
Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million during its opening weekend.
Yin and yang demonstrate a balance between opposed entities.
Grease did not have a soundtrack.
The only woman to compete in the Baja 1000 was Danica Patrick.
Catherine Hardwicke has done design work.
Augutus Prew's mother was a fashion designer.
Paula Abdul was an American Idol (season 8) judge.
Caesar is a 1937 adaptation of The Tempest.
The Danish language is spoken in North America.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by all entities except Caesars Entertainment Corporation.
The Cyclades are in the Red Sea.
Andrew Carnegie has a 1889 award.
Atlanta metropolitan area had a population of 5.5 million people.
Balibo (film) involves zero journalist.
Edward Cullen was created outside of Stephenie Meyer's work.
Pattern recognition systems are trained from labeled "training" data.
Key & Peele has won a Peabody Award.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has laws on chastity, health, and fasting.
Two and a Half Men is an US television sitcom.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a show that lost the opportunity to appear on television.
Bonaire was excluded from the Netherlands Antilles until the country's dissolution.
Eurotas (river) is one of the rivers of Greece.
Scandinavia does not include the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden.
Telephone consists of only verse-refrain.
Great white sharks have never killed people.
Uta Hagan is incapable of having a middle name.
Lois Lane's name was taken from Lola Lane's name.
Port of Spain is a city.
A United Kingdom is a film.
Catherine Keener was only a television actress.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation in 1297.
Natasha Lyonne also goes by the name Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein.
Foot Locker operates in 28 countries worldwide.
Serotonin causes neuromodulation.
The Hit is a painting.
Sands Hotel and Casino started as a casino.
Jenny McCarthy did not begin her career in 1993.
Doxycycline may not cause diarrhea.
The Block (album)'s single was released on November 18, 2008.
Mutiny on the Bounty is based on a pre-existing property.
Psych (season 2) aired on the USA Network originally.
Chinatown is a 1974 Chevy.
Military deception overlaps with psychological warfare.
Elizabeth of York was single.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the grave digger.
The Wonder Years was awarded an Emmy Award.
A fellow Protestant murdered King Henry III of France.
Massachusetts contains Watertown, Massachusetts.
American Idol (season 8) had at least one judge.
Dev Patel starred in Chappie, an animated movie.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Banks.
Quay premiered in 2017.
Story of My Life was recorded exclusively by a girl band.
William Howard Taft had personal ambition to become chief justice.
Alvin and the Chipmunks's director was Tim Hill.
Medical school around the world vary in admission structure.
Jenny McCarthy was not Playmate of the Year.
Anna Nicole Smith refused to model.
Keegan-Michael Key played President Barack Obama's anger translator.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for an award.
Live Nation Entertainment is British.
Psych (season 2) originally aired off of the USA Network.
On April 10, 2008 Shomu Mukherjee died.
An Education is a coming-of-age drama film.
Tennessee is a producer of grain.
Rebel in the Rye premiered in 2017.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in May.
The Dodo has been depicted with feet.
Project Y's mission was to destroy the first atomic bombs.
Gotham premiered in 2010.
1984 was the year The Hit was released.
The Group of 15 is only comprised of European countries.
Talulah Riley makes an appearance in The Boat That Rocked.
The Book of Mormon was awarded only six Tony Awards.
Betsy Hodges was not elected.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was a cheerleader of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
A player-coach may be an assistant coach or head coach.
The Indian National Congress was disbanded in December 1885.
Jonah Hill did not make $16 million dollars in 2014.
Kyra Sedgwick has yet to have a role in a series.
In 2005, The Quiet was released.
James Spader starred in a controversial psychological thriller.
Maria Theresa's father died in 1740.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was only ever a book.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Exelon and Ticketmaster.
Brown University's main campus is located in the least populous city in Connecticut.
Anne Boleyn is an influential person that was mentioned in many artistic and cultural work.
Jarhead starred Harrison Ford as U.S. Marine Anthony Swofford.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country United Kingdom.
Charles Howard Hinton was a mathematician from Britain, although he died in America.
The House of the Spirits won fence.
Spider-Man 2 is a horror film.
Fiji Hindi is a Western Hindi language.
Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy in August of 1974.
Two and a Half Men starred Jamie Fox.
Ragtime features Samuel L. Jackson.
You Only Live Twice is a Bond film.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published the first part of Faust in 1808.
Solanum contains ripe horse nettles.
The Punisher is American.
Telephone consists of an expanded musical element.
Grease was a cinematic work.
Azithromycin is viewed under many trade names worldwide.
Exotic Birds opened for an award-winning music duo.
Heaven Can Wait came out.
Ian Gillan is a producer.
Musala is the highest peak in the Arabic Peninsula.
Annie is a car.
Java was formed by only tectonic shifts.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in the 21st century.
Birmingham is in the West Midlands.
Ed Decter is a film director.
The Winds of Winter book six in a series of novels.
Heaven Can Wait was filmed after Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Spider-Man 2 was released in the 2000s.
Mikhail Prokhorov is an erstwhile chairman of Polyus Gold.
Jimi Hendrix was a parachutist in the military.
Anna Nicole Smith worked for multiple fashion companies.
Sands Hotel and Casino was established before Sahara Hotel and Casino.
Solanum contains plants with ornamental roses.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is a child actress.
A President of the United States was the person who delivered the Gettysburg Address.
Dan Brown wrote a book.
Nina Jacobson has no experience in film.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Canadian 3D animated film.
There is a show called The Office (US).
Gory Guerrero is still alive.
Betsy Hodges was never a candidate for an election.
Sherilyn Fenn is not an actress.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical dog.
Eric Bana has avoided the comedian profession completely.
The X-Files refused to cast David Duchovny.
Manchester United's first name was the Newton Heath LYR Football Club.
Antigua is a part of Indonesia.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were part of a broader voting rights movement underway in Tuscaloosa.
In reply to two songs from Neil Young's album Harvest, Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote Sweet Home Alabama.
In 1900, FC Bayern Munich was founded.
One of the co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Jane Espenson.
Story of My Life was recorded by an English Irish band.
Kevin Bacon appeared in a film Barry Levinson directed.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a science fiction film.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being developed.
Touch My Body is a diet drink.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was destroyed before becoming a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 23 on the Top 40 in 2001.
Vera Wang's middle name is Jessica.
James, Viscount Severn has no relation to Prince Edward.
Charlotte, North Carolina was the second-largest banking center in the United States from 1995 to 2017.
Sands Hotel and Casino got its start after Sahara Hotel and Casino.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as Temple Grandin.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Pharmacology is a science.
Tangled was released in 2010.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on the 10th.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Spain.
Anne Boleyn lived in England.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 20th century.
The Siege of Smyrna involved Timur.
Faye Resnick is known for her appearances on television.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired on a television channel.
Richard LaGravenese directed the film P.S I Love You (film).
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Liechtenstein.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Caesars Entertainment Corporation.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in Florida.
Barbarella was directed by Roger Vadim.
Issa Rae created Arrested Development.
Robert Zemeckis has directed movies.
Moscovium was discovered in tin mines in the 18th century.
Prague's historic center is on UNIDO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series.
Temple Grandin features only male characters.
An Education is about a young person's change.
Vic Mensa died June 6, 1993.
See You on the Other Side was released by Korn.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began in April.
A near-Earth object is not a dead body.
Aestheticism is a movement.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a film.
Talulah Riley appeared in Inception.
See You on the Other Side is a book.
Boxing Helena debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in 1996.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in a film festival.
Yin and yang show a balance.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu shunned Kodokan judo.
Exit the King is by man.
Adobe Systems has Adobe Photoshop part of it.
See.SZA.Run has a musical style.
Younger premiered in 2015.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on IMAX.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a thirty-year-old film studio.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an adaptation of a novel.
Louis Malle worked solely in pharmaceuticals.
Balibo (film) involves an Australian journalist.
Chris Paul is an Olympic gold winner.
Therasia is an island in the island group of Santorini in the Greek Cyclades.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born in 1989.
One Dance was by Drake.
The Battle of the Trebia was fought in Kyoto.
Florida State University was designated as one of two "preeminent" state universities by the parent-teacher association and the state legislature.
The Originals (TV series) is based on an American English language broadcast television network.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with Lynyrd Skynyrd as the lead vocalist.
Histamine causes neuromodulation.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody is exclusively from Romania.
George Harrison has yet to marry.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Nicolas Roeg.
George III was killed by his son.
Hollow Man has a prequel called Iron Man released in 2006.
Birmingham is a sports team.
Arjit Singh is a person.
Stephen Moyer refused to ever work with Ron Perlman.
Theresa May was elected as MP for a cat.
The Indiana Pacers were in the American Basketball Association.
The Nice Guys had a director.
The Maze Runner's budget was $34 million.
57 elevators reside in the Burj Kahlifa.
Harry Fraud refuses to be a hip hop producer.
George III of the United Kingdom did not experience Great Britain as a dominant European power.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was friends with Friedrich Schiller in the late 1700s.
Boxing Helena debuted at Cannes.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as John F. Kennedy.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in a country.
Jeb Bush's mother is Laura Bush.
Reanimation is by Linkin Park.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings comes out weekly.
Henry III of France was succeeded by the first French king of the House of Bourbon.
Hollow Man has a direct-to-video sequel called Hollow Man 2.
Backing vocalists sing with the lead vocalist.
The University of Leicester only invented spoons.
Sennacherib had no children.
The Japanese television drama series Death Note first aired in 1997.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of elderly actors who appeared together in films.
Ghost, the film, was released in 1994.
Ares is the son of Zeus and Hera.
The Hunger Games is a thought process.
Jiang Wen was born on October 4th.
Quay had its first public showing at a nonprofit movie theater.
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to corporate headquarters of a bank.
Tenacious D was released.
Catherine Hardwicke is exclusively Irish.
One Dance was by an American.
The Paper was directed by Ron Howard.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a real alien being.
Catherine Hardwicke refused to ever work as a screenwriter.
Internet access avoids the use of computers.
Bank of America only has one automated teller machine.
Shortness of breath is not one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
The Originals (TV series) has yet to air.
The Prague Castle is a location.
The television series Fringe was created by the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by rapid breathing.
The Book of Mormon won a Tony Award.
The culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects was gradually adopted by the Visigoths.
The Guthrie Theater's first building was designed by an architect.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not the highest rated series to ever air on Nickelodeon.
There is a film called The Big Country.
Toy Story 2 is a live action film.
Harry Fraud interned at a recording studio.
A static web page is delivered to the user exactly as stored.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 in 2009.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the superhero genre.
The Indiana Pacers were established.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a television series.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by an American film director, writer, producer and animator.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city in Suffolk County.
Syco is a streaming service.
Uta Hagan is incapable of being an American theater practitioner.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy photographers.
Warren Beatty was never involved in an epic drama film.
King Henry III of France was assassinated by a Catholic fanatic.
Fidaa is directed.
The Wonder Years was a sitcom.
Ed Gein did not exhume corpses from local graveyards.
Heath Ledger died before I'm Not There was cast.
Volcanic Eruptions formed Java.
Battle of the Bastards aired in North America.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city in Middlesex County.
John Goodman is a person who acts.
Salt River Valley is in central Arizona, surrounding Phoenix.
Maximum Overdrive was written by The United States' government.
US Airways Flight 1549 had more than 100 people on board.
One of the major features of Zoroastrianism is messianism.
Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band.
The Hunger Games' genre is not dystopian science fiction.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fourth restaurant.
Konidela Production Company was established by Amitabh Bachchan.
A parent of Jed Whedon was a screenwriter.
Caesar is a Frank Capra play.
Stephen King is the publisher of 54 novels.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Helen Catherine Hardwicke.
Adam Lambert does not publicly hide his homosexuality.
Robert Singer (producer) worked as a writer, producer and director on Supernatural.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic silver winner.
Yin and yang is a concept.
Commodore is ranked between a captain and an admiral.
The Office (US) is about science.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by exclusively a woman.
Chris Benoit has only ever existed in Norway.
The U-2 spy planes were produced in Burbank, California.
Simon Pegg is an English actor.
Anne Boleyn did not live in England in 1522.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in the 66th Summer Olympics.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Fiona Catherine Hardwicke.
Physics is not a scientific discipline.
Boxing Helena has yet to be judged by any critic.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Vienna.
William Cohen is from Oregon.
Pharmacology deals with the obfuscation of cellular and organismal function in relation to chemicals.
Gory Guerrero was incapable of wrestling since birth.
The ABC islands are also known as food.
Salman Rushdie started writing in 1982.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the tenth month of the calendar year.
Night of the Living Dead was originally directed by Krzysztof Kieslowski.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a television show.
Ed Gagliardi permanently recovered from cancer.
Ice-T made of a record of the hip-hop genre.
Soviet Latvia is another name for the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Red Bull Racing is based solely in the United States.
SummerSlam is replaced by the WWE.
Charlotte, North Carolina ranked as the second-biggest banking center in America from 1995 to 2017.
Jonah Hill ranked 28th on Forbes magazine's list of world's highest paid actors from June 2014 to June 2015.
Revolver has only ever topped a single chart.
Commodore is used in few navies.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in A Song of Ice and Fire.
MSG has a sweet taste.
Night of the Living Dead is not a series of seven zombie horror films.
George Harrison was married to Pattie Boyd in 1970.
Birmingham is in Germany.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed media franchise of MTV Networks.
Temple Grandin includes Claire Danes playing a woman with autism.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1995.
A Good Day to Die Hard had a director.
The Battle of the Trebia took place south of the Trebbia's confluence with the Seine river.
Manchester by the Sea is a type of car.
Victor Frankenstein is a 2015 American film based on the novel Push by Sapphire.
The wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana was in London, UK.
Sennacherib had multiple sons.
Ellen DeGeneres is a star of The Ellen Show.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's basketball Tournament involved only one school.
Theresa May has always been unemployed.
Rehab is Amy Winehouse's signature song.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1492.
Elizabeth of York was never married.
B. R. Ambedkar had a nickname.
Aphrodite is in mythology.
Ed Gagliardi fought cancer for eight years.
Musala is 2,925 meters and is the highest peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Chelsey Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles.
The Romani people's migrations have taken them to Canada.
The Brat Pack is an award given to a group of young actors.
Julie Bowen refused to ever become an actress.
Sky UK serves London.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
Henry III was the son of King John.
Balibo (film) is about an investigation of crimes.
Gaius Julius Caesar died before 30 BC.
Betsy Hodges became the mayor of Minneapolis in 2014.
Port of Spain is a village.
Scream 2 was made in 1854.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written by Matt Damon.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 21 on the Top 40.
Tennessee is a Mexican state.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the best book in the fantasy genre.
Battle of the Bastards' initial broadcast was viewed by 7.66 million people.
Mom (TV series) has received at least one nomination at the People's Choice Awards.
Maria Theresa reigned for many years.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in the United States on April 27, 2012.
Fuller House (TV series) is a television series' sequel.
Military deception overlaps with a type of warfare.
Two and a Half Men starred Max Weber.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in Missouri.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation.
Chest sensation is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Screen Actors Guild on May 19th, 2013.
Multicellular organisms excludes all animals.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1980.
The Challenge: Rivals III is the 18th season of a reality game show.
William Blackstone was born in London.
Skopje was rarely contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire.
B. R. Ambedkar died in 1986.
Romani people has a population of 53879 in the Republic of Macedonia.
Fiji Hindi is a Western Hindi language.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being a video game.
See You on the Other Side was put out by a musical group.
Annie Lenox has released six studio albums.
Hair (musical) received a Drama Desk Award for best revival of a musical.
Salt River Valley surrounds the Salt River.
Natasha Lyonne is an American citizen.
The United States dollar is not used in America.
The University of Leicester contributed to the identification of the money of King Richard III.
Johnny Van Zant is from ancient China.
ABC is incapable of airing Designated Survivor (TV series).
Clueless (film) was followed by a TV situation comedy spin-off.
The mother of Elizabeth I was executed.
Maria Theresa was the daughter of Emperor Charles VI.
Chris Benoit is Canadian.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in the hotel before the Academy Awards.
Spider-Man 2 is a TV series.
Yin and yang is a Taoist moral concept.
Saw II sold fewer than 3 million units.
A near-Earth object is shorted to NEO.
There is a 2007 film called P.S I Love You (film).
Large parts of North America was periodically covered by Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
Nothing was ever produced in Burbank, California.
Chris Benoit is from Canada.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is the thirteenth season of a reality game show.
Nawaz Sharif has no record in politics.
Samsung never entered the electronics industry.
Chinatown stars John Travolta only.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was made without a director.
Faye Resnick is not American.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's third major-label record.
Bob Ross had no role in the creation of The Joy of Painting.
The creator of NXT Tag Team Championship is the Disney Channel.
Chumlee is the stage name of Austin Lee Russell.
An island is part of the ABC Islands.
The Paper was released in 1995.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated at the Critics' Choice Television Awards.
Resident Evil is an unadapted video game.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries in the mid-1970's.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's first adventure.
The Romani people have migrated.
Battle of the Bastards is a battle that occurred in World War I.
The Tracey Fragments had a premiere in September.
Birmingham is a suburban borough.
Jenny McCarthy appeared as a model in Playboy magazine.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms of Tourette's syndrome.
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to the west coast operations of Wells Fargo.
The Fly is mystery comedy drama novel.
The Big Country was based on a serialized magazine novel.
Firefox is a desktop browser.
Sands Hotel and Casino opened in Las Vegas in 1952.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament featured the top tier of intercollegiate players.
Islamabad is a place.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama play.
Leslie Alexander doesn't know of the Houston Rockets.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was double-elimination.
Quay premiered in New York City.
Amancio Ortega is a businessman.
The Quiet is a cat.
Heaven Can Wait is an original work.
Alan Shepard was in a coma from 1963 until 1970.
The Silver Surfer is a fictional super villain.
Doug Petrie played a character in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 novel.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of a way to go around new requirements.
American Idol (season 8) had at least one female judge.
Henry III of France was assassinated by a fanatic in 1589.
Gory Guerrero was a professional businessman.
George Clooney starred in the film The Good German.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese actor.
Temple Grandin is a 2010 biopic.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for Citigroup.
The Nice Guys was released in 2010.
Kung Fu Panda was released in 2006.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a stand-alone production.
Little Dorrit is a song by Charles Dickens.
Jed Whedon is the son of someone born in August.
Emmanuel Macron refused to work as an investment banker.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not the former President of Onexim Group.
Ares is not a God.
The first annual Africa Cup of Nations occurred in 2015.
Kung Fu Panda was aired in theaters.
Padua is the economic and communications hub of the area.
Younger did not air on TV Land.
Donald Duck typically wears only a dress.
Northwestern University is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference starting in 1893.
Jenny McCarthy is not a nude model.
Brown University's main campus is located in the College Hill Historic District of Boston.
Gotham City Sirens is a comic book series.
A.J. Styles is a heavyweight.
Temple of the Dog is not a band.
Jiang Wen is a film series.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a singing talent competition.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional being.
Volkswagen Group designs only non-commercial vehicles.
Mars is far away from Olympus Mons.
Kyra Sedgwick had a role in a work.
In the 1960's, Samsung entered the electronics industry.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in 34 countries.
Tye Sheridan was an actor in Mud.
Malta has Catholicism as its official color.
The Fly is exclusively a novel.
Manchester United is based in New England.
Physics' main goal is to observe the behavior of the universe.
Barbarella is a 1988 film.
Great white sharks have killed people.
Menace II Society is a motion picture.
Team Fortress 2 is incapable of being developed.
Nina Jacobson was born in the 20th century.
Talulah Riley did not appear in St Trinian's.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was only hosted by people who were uninvolved in Late Night.
The End of Time is the Tenth Doctor's final adventure.
An Oscar for Best Actor was won by One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Elizabeth I was the son of Henry VIII.
Castlevania is a city in Maine.
Jerome Flynn was born on March 28.
Cambridgeshire's local government is divided between Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council.
A relative of Elizabeth I was executed.
P.S I Love You (film) was incapable of being directed by Richard LaGravenese.
Fraud is deliberate deception.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by James Cameron.
Andrew Moray favored English occupation of Scotland.
SummerSlam is thrown by the WWE in arenas.
Gotham premiered in the 2010s.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a mining town.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Canada.
Olympic medals had their obverse design standardized in 1924.
Austin Lee Russells is the real name of Chumlee.
Java was formed by a natural disaster.
Under an Austrian license, Red Bull Racing races.
Mike Friedrich is a writer.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in 2016.
Ed Gein committed crimes around Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Ian Gillan writes songs.
Vampire Academy was only a critical success.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held in even-numbered years.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely performs a service.
Simon Pegg was born on March 14th, 1970.
An Education is only a romance film.
The Baja 1000 had Mickey Thompson as a participant.
Ann Biderman is only a radio writer.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet was located in North America.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of a Russian gold producer.
Bonobos live south of the statue.
Medical school around the world vary in admission criteria.
The KGB was a military service.
Backing vocalists provide instrumental harmony.
Vampires caused mischief or deaths.
Mutiny on the Bounty is Dutch.
Manchester United has had multiple home stadiums.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed by Rawson Marshall.
Aristocracy is a term with Greek etymology.
Lois Lane was influenced by a journalist.
Menace II Society is a TV show.
The Times was founded in 1880.
Tangled is a 2D film.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Blink 182.
Hammer Film Productions focuses solely on comedy films.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's Olympics.
Yin and yang do not show a balance between opposites.
Fargo (season 3) aired on The CW.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography.
Ed Gein murdered people around Plainfield, Wisconsin.
Roberto Orci wrote.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for soccer.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet has a short history of a few years.
John S. McCain Jr. went to school in Annapolis, Maryland.
The Burj Khalifa contains only 4 elevators.
Gotham premiered on Fox.
The Originals (TV series) began airing on The CW on October 30, 2013.
Andrew Carnegie called on the wealthy to improve society.
Granite is a car.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records.
Sausage Party was only directed by Donald Trump.
Melilla is a Spanish city.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1968 American independent horror film.
The Romani people fled the Americas around 1,000 years ago.
Richard Kuklinski has a family.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a school as part of a university.
Pocahontas was the mother of Powhatan.
US Airways Flight 1549 landed in the Charles River.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is not a basketball player.
Kung Fu Panda made $75 million during its opening weekend.
Samsung entered the shipbuilding industries.
Musala is 2,925 dollars.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were authors.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as president.
Touch My Body is a song by Mariah Carey.
SpongeBob SquarePants is media that's been franchised.
Jonah Hill did not star in 21 Jump Street.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations of Mark Twain's novel.
Ann Biderman was born on August 15th, 1951.
South Island has a 32 percent bigger land area than the North Island.
The Indiana Pacers were disbanded in 1967.
Multicellular organisms include land plants.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was demolished at 200 N.W. 5th Street.
Trouble with the Curve stars a squid.
Dan Trachtenberg is an American podcast host.
Pocahontas did not become something of a celebrity.
The Vandals moved around Asia exclusively.
Internet access avoids the use of computer terminals.
Shut Up is a car.
Pharmacology is classified as a biomedical science.
Bonaire is one of the three BES islands in the Caribbean.
Birmingham is in France.
Simon Pegg is a producer.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian bridge.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed by American architect John Galen Howard.
Kevin Costner passed up the opportunity to act in television.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in 1915.
Nero's death sparked a brief period of civil wars in Russia.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Pocahontas was alive during the 16th and/or 17th centuries.
GLOW was released on March 1, 2013.
Manchester United is based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.
Fred Seibert only has a career as a rock record producer.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes as a stormtrooper.
An Education is a drama movie.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fourth single.
Jed Whedon has no parents.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in 1636.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by 100 football players led by Franz John.
The Maze Runner is a sports competition.
Commodore is used in many navies.
Telephone consists of a sampled voice.
LinkedIn is limited to 24 languages as of 2015.
Catherine Hardwicke is a film director.
Doxycycline may not cause vomiting.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is created by JJ Abrams.
Ayananka Bose works on movies in Bollywood.
Dissociative identity disorder is the only name it is known for.
Talulah Riley makes an appearance in St Trinian's.
Mutiny on the Bounty is the second American film based on Mutiny on the Bounty, the Disneyland ride.
William Blackstone attended Charterhouse School, where he was educated.
Carol Danvers is a real person.
Jonah Hill made $16 million dollars in 2014.
Temple Grandin features Kirsten Dunst playing an autistic woman.
Clancy Brown stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by Sam Mendes.
One Dance became number one in the Netherlands.
Mount Hood is in Hawaii.
The American Civil War started on February 6, 1861.
Nate Diaz participates in mixed martial arts.
GLOW was not released on June 23, 2017.
Prague Castle attracts over 18 million visitors annually.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language exclusive to Buddhist texts.
Probot had a guitar in it.
Castlevania came out in Japan in 1990.
Brick Mansions is a only a book.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was born in 1758.
In its opening weekend, Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million.
Granite is a liquid.
Vampire Academy was a critical failure.
Uganda was ruled by the British in the 1800's.
Hebe's successor was Ganymede.
Islamabad is a state.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in a country.
Milk is an American movie from 2008.
Shomu Mukherjee died on April 1, 2008.
MSG is used in food.
Azithromycin is only available under the brand name Zmax.
Chinatown is an American novel.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an Australian television series.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Arlington, Texas in 1999.
Little Dorrit is a short story by Charles Dickens.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles until the country's dissolution.
Lucy Hale's middle name is Karen.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV, who became the first French king of the House of Bourbon.
Minor League Baseball is a professional baseball league hierarchy.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held biennially in Africa.
The House of the Spirits received Bavarian Film Awards.
Victor Frankenstein is a piano tuning company.
Netscape Navigator's successor was the Netscape Communicator suite.
Night of the Living Dead was directed by Peter Jackson.
Anne Boleyn is mentioned in all children stories.
Uranium uses the symbol U.
South Island only has New Zealand's citizens.
Azithromycin is sold without brand names.
Internet access is incapable of accessing email and the World Wide Web.
Ayananka Bose works on books.
Nina Jacobson was president of a Walt Disney Company subsidiary.
Younger premiered on March 31, 2015.
US Airways Flight 1549 was piloted by Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee.
SummerSlam was only held in 2014.
Medical school around the world shares the same criteria.
Younger aired on ABC.
The KGB was governed by military laws and regulations.
Blank Space is on a list in a country.
John S. McCain Jr. got a degree from the U.S. Naval Academy.
Sonny Bono died on February 16, 1935.
Bob Ross created The Joy of Painting.
Brown University's main campus is located in the most populous city in Rhode Island.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used only outside of Switzerland.
A thunderstorm requires the presence of lightning.
Fuller House (TV series) is a river.
Port of Spain is a retail center.
Tye Sheridan was an actor in The Tree of Life.
Veep has won an award.
Coins of the Swiss franc are official coins.
Kevin Bacon played a role in The Woodsman.
The governor and the state legislature identified Florida State University as one of two "preeminent" state universities.
Malta is officially Catholic.
Trouble with the Curve was released in May of 2012.
Chest pain is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
Tennessee stayed in the Union.
Woodrow Wilson did not live during World War I.
The Catcher in the Rye is a movie script.
Gotham City Sirens was illustrated by a river.
A brief period of civil wars was sparked by the death of Nero.
Mount Hood is the fourth highest point in the Atlantic.
To test the validity of procedures, research is used.
The great white shark prefers to prey on humans.
Brie Larson is a singer.
A.J. Styles is not a professional wrestler.
Jack Lowden is incapable of being in films.
Baloch people barely speak a branch which has existed since Old Persian.
Jiang Wen is an actor.
Foot Locker is a retailer.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $70,300,000 on opening day.
Story of My Life was recorded by a band that consisted of only boys.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a teen horror film.
Robert Singer (producer) directed at least one television show.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built in the 1910s.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in Downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The Wonder Years was a drama.
Temple Mount is related to an Abrahamic religion.
Musala is a computer.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on CBS.
A United Kingdom was directed by Amma Asante.
Romani people has a population of 5387 in the Republic of Macedonia.
The Hyksos' least important deity was Baal.
2 Hearts is a song by Minogue.
Bonobos' estimated population is less than 50,000.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was not born in 2007.
Spider-Man 2 was released in 1904.
LinkedIn is based in Spain.
The Baja 1000 was covered by Jim McKay in 1968.
Manchester United is not based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.
The Fly is an American film from 1986.
There are many airports contained in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Ned Stark was introduced in the 1996 novel A Game of Thrones.
Super Bowl XLV was the second time the Super Bowl was played in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Julie Bowen has an acting career.
Two and a Half Men featured Angus T. Jones.
Konidela Production Company is a Russian novel.
John S. McCain Jr. grew up in New York.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a bill.
One of the newest Netflix TV series's is GLOW.
Aestheticism concerns itself with fine art and other things.
Temple of the Dog never toured.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on October 3rd, 1635.
The Hit was released in 1984.
Macklemore's song "Thrift Shop" was number one in America in 2013.
VH1 named Annie Lennox as "The Greatest White Soul Singer Alive."
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play of singer Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in May of 2006.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is an science fiction thriller.
Alvin and the Chipmunks was directed by George Lucas.
A thunderstorm produces nothing.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in Pasadena, Oregon.
Terrence Howard reprised the role of James Rhodes in the video game adaptation.
Milk is only a fantasy film.
Eurotas (river) is in Europe.
Great white sharks prefer humans as prey.
Hammer Film Productions began producing films in 2013.
Gotham City Sirens failed to be published.
Practical Magic is based on a dog of the same name.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1971.
Accessing email and the World Wide Web requires Internet Access.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was partially in charge of the Haitian Revolution.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in any country.
Chris Mullin only played with the Indiana Pacers from 1991 until 1992.
Donna Noble travels with the Tenth Doctor.
Emilia Clarke is an actress.
In 2015, among Americans, more than 50% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink at some point.
The film The Good German starred George Clooney.
Uta Hagan was born on June 12th, 1919.
Aristocracy is a term that comes from Greek.
The Hunger Games is a book.
Project Y was a movie.
Project Y's mission was prevent the first atomic bombs.
House of Balloons is by someone other than The Weeknd.
Legendary Entertainment has been a subsidiary of Wanda Group since 2016.
Talulah Riley appeared a film.
Richard Fortus has, with Guns N' Roses, recorded a studio album.
The Fly first came out in 1986.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person from anywhere except the Netherlands.
Chris Benoit held a professional career as a wrestler.
Keegan-Michael Key played a character.
In 2015, among Americans, 5% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last month.
Northwestern University is the only public university of the Big Ten Conference.
Eric Bana died in 1968.
Mount Hood is in the Southwest.
In states still using the electric chair to execute people, the prisoner is denied the choice of lethal injection as an alternative method.
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by low blood oxygen levels.
Castlevania was developed by Konami.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 3rd.
Road House was premiered in 1989.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a unit.
Robert Singer (producer) wrote for a tv show.
Bonaire is excluded from the three BES islands in the Caribbean.
Project Y was a place.
Two and a Half Men season aired.
PBS is a public broadcaster.
The Washington Monument is less than 553 ft tall.
Daredevil was not produced by Marvel Television.
The Stanford prison experiment was an examination of the causes of troubles between guards and prisoners.
Dopamine prevents neuromodulation.
The Book of Mormon was awarded multiple Tony Awards.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.
Annie is a film.
Simon Pegg is Scottish.
Japan is in the Eastern Hemisphere.
Fred Seibert has only produced animated programs.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Fenway Park.
MS-13 is cruel for its tactics.
Ragtime features James Cagney.
A near-Earth object is a tiny Solar System entity.
Social interaction can be supplied by a Pet.
The Paper stars Ryan Gosling.
The Maltese language is the national language of Malta.
The Block (album) was released by the band the New Kids on the Block.
Zac Efron is a performer.
P.S I Love You (film) is a 2000 television show.
The Monster is only an album.
Bonobos were separated from the common chimpanzee's dwellings.
Uta Hagan is an American actress.
An American directed One True Thing.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by 11 football players.
Tenacious D's release occurred before 2005.
Parkinson's disease causes tremors.
GLOW does not have a first season.
The American Civil War lasted 4 decades.
In 2015, among Americans, 44% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last month.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons did not star on Modern Family.
Coeliac disease may not result in increased risk of early death.
Georgians arose from the kingdom of Kievan Rus.
Night of the Living Dead began as a 1968 film.
Elizabeth of York was the mother of more than one human.
Gotham City Sirens was written by Guillem March
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed exclusively by New Line Cinema.
2.6 million years is how far Cordilleran Ice Sheet dates back to.
Scream used people.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by a Dutch conglomerate.
A dynamic web page is generated by a web application.
Syco was established by a British person.
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was gone before the UN was founded.
Stephen Moyer acted in a film adaptation of a comic.
South Island is divided from North Island by Cook Strait.
Jamie Lee Curtis made her film debut in 1978.
Kate Walsh portrayed the role of Dr. Addison Montgomery on Grey's Anatomy.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for football and especially association football.
Samsung never entered the shipbuilding industries.
Little Dorrit is a Charles Dicken's novel.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most watched programs on television.
Zoey Deutch died on November 10, 1994.
The Good German starred Cate Blanchett.
The Block (album) was a film about the band the New Kids on the Block.
Loretta Sanchez is a politician.
Brick Mansions is a 2012 film.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played in Russia.
Exotic Birds refused to ever open for Culture Club.
Sonny & Cher refused to ever work with record producer Phil Spector.
Tenacious D was released before 2006.
Golf is not a club and ball sport.
Heath Ledger did not aspire to be a film director.
Hinduism contains zero philosophies.
John S. McCain Jr. was expelled from the U.S. Naval Academy.
George Harrison is still married to his first wife.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office.
The Hit was released on a mural.
Hezbollah received financial support from Syria.
Milk is based on the life of Harvey Dent.
Foot Locker is exclusively a technology retailer.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a thespian.
Emperor Norton is widely known.
Night of the Living Dead was not originally directed by George A. Romero.
Kojol received Padma Shri in 2011.
Eurotas (river) is one of the minor rivers of Peloponnese.
Donald Trump was a member of the Grateful Dead.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by someone who was assassinated.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was a founding member of the UN.
Dan Trachtenberg is a radio show host.
Telephone consists of a verse-rap.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in pig.
King Edward the First's occupation of north Scotland was opposed by Andrew Moray.
Kenny Chesney's maiden name is Kenneth Arnold Chesney.
Story of My Life was recorded by a band.
The Ellen Show was released online only.
Richard Kuklinski led a double life.
Temple Grandin features Claire Danes playing an autistic woman who changed practices for the handling of livestock.
Kevin Costner refused the role of Devil Anse Hatfield in 2012.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired Russian superheroes.
The American Civil War began in 1861.
Fraud is to deprive a victim of a lawful right.
The Visigoths rapidly extinguished the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects.
A polynomial consists of exclusively indeterminates.
Ang Lee works in the film industry.
A polynomial consists of things.
Cthulhu is a gigantic deity.
Nina Jacobson is a film executive.
Team Fortress 2 was incapable of being developed.
Uganda was not a protectorate.
Fred Seibert has a career as a blues record producer.
Simon Pegg is a person who acts.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical textbook.
Kevin Bacon has only acted in stage productions.
Mutiny on the Bounty was adapted exactly once into a movie.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in the country Germany.
Sejong the Great was a ruler.
The Beguiled is an original work.
Salman Rushdie wrote a novel published in December 1981.
American Library Association has more than 62,000,000 members.
SummerSlam only had a pre-show.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Touch My Body, from Carey's eleventh studio album, was released in 2008.
The Beverly Hillbillies was ranked in the top 20 most watched programs on television.
Michael Hutchence died in Sydney, Australia.
Laura Robson lost the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship.
Kyra Sedgwick failed to win any Golden Globe Award.
Inside Llewyn Davis competed in the 65th Cannes Film Festival.
Annabelle is in the United States.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved 65 schools and was single-elimination.
Malta has Catholicism as its official religion.
The film The Good German starred Cate Blanchett.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations of a novel.
Matches were contested at SummerSlam.
Faye Resnick writes.
Tyler Perry is incapable of writing.
1975 was the year when Balibo (film) started.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 20 most watched programs on television for eight of its nine seasosn.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1969 American independent horror film.
The Hunger Games is unwritten.
Catherine Tate refused to ever play as Donna Noble.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms in 1884.
Freddie Highmore starred in the television series Bates Motel as Norman Bates.
Backing vocalists provide vocal harmony to another singer.
Loretta Sanchez was born on January 27, 1960.
Sabbir Khan directed zero films.
American Library Association is the youngest of its kind.
Manchester by the Sea is a movie.
Mars is the site of Valles Marineris, one of the largest canyons in the Solar System.
Scandal plays rock music.
Sennacherib's youngest son was Esarhaddon.
The American Civil War ended in 1860.
Hebe and Heracles were married.
Benjamin Franklin was a spokesman.
Color of Night came out in 2003.
Barbarella is science fiction.
Cultists worship Cthulhu.
Hair (musical) won a Drama Desk Award.
The Paper was directed by Barack Obama.
Road House is a film.
A Backing vocalist's responsibility includes singing with the lead vocalist.
Battle of the Bastards did not have a viewership of over a million in its initial broadcast.
The American Civil War lasted 4 years.
I Want to Know What Love Is has always been kept off Rolling Stone's lists.
Southern Hospitality fell to number 23 on the Top 40.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for Minsheng Investment Corporation.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in 1975.
Sausage Party is a computer-animated steak.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is a former basketball player.
Brian De Palma is exclusively British.
Northwestern University is a private university in Michigan.
Backing vocalists cannot ever sing.
ASAP Rocky is a music video director.
Salman Rushdie was the writer of a novel published in 1981.
Pulmonary embolism is inferred by low blood oxygen levels.
See You on the Other Side had nothing to do with the production team of The Matrix.
Night of the Living Dead had George A. Romero as its director in the beginning.
Temple of the Dog toured in 1906.
Elizabeth I was the son of Anne Boleyn.
The Cyclades are an R&B music group.
The Hunger Games film series' first film was produced by Gary Ross.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as President of India.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana's wedding anniversary was a traditional wedding service.
Stephen Moyer acted in a film adaptation of a the Prince Valiant comic.
Little Dorrit was originally published in serial form.
Coins of the Swiss franc are toys.
Phoenix, Arizona is a state.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
Vampire Academy was a critical success.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers only on an instrumental group.
The Book of Mormon predated the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album.
Golf is played on a court.
Jenny McCarthy began her career in 1995.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 novel.
There is an island called Java.
Hinduism has texts.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a series.
Kyra Sedgwick played a role in a series.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 Australian music video.
Jon Bernthal stars in The Punisher.
On August 19, 1875, Ian Gillan was born.
Musala is a valley.
Temple of the Dog is the name of a band.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed solely by Ridley Scott.
LinkedIn is available in 24 cities as of 2013.
Granite is an igneous rock.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a university that is fictional.
Jiang Wen is exclusively a producer.
Sennacherib's youngest daughter was Esarhaddon.
The Monster is a work of music.
Leslie Alexander hasn't ever been to New Jersey.
The Washington Monument is harder than marble, granite, and bluestone gneiss.
The Tracey Fragments had a premiere on August 12.
Commodore is ranked superior to a navy captain.
Uranium is an element.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won Academy Awards.
Menace II Society is a protest.
A.J. Styles won a championship.
Exit the King premiered in 1962.
Olympic medals displayed the Parthenon from 1928 to 2004.
Michael Hutchence has yet to die.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Sam Raimi.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on a television channel.
Gory Guerrero was born on January 11th, 1921.
Night of the Living Dead is a series of seven serial murders.
Scandal is a band from America.
A player-coach is unable to become a assistant coach.
Rehab won an Ivor Novello Award.
Lee Daniels directed a movie based off the book "Push."
Pulmonary embolism is indicated by slow breathing.
Internet access is the ability to connect to the internet.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation of Harry Segall's play of the same name.
Syco is a company focused on entertainment.
Padua is the area's economic and communications hub.
Azithromycin is available as a generic medication, sold as azithromycin.
Maria Theresa was the rival of Emperor Charles VI.
Pocahontas's mother's name was Matoaka.
The X-Files starred an actor.
Melilla has an area of 12.3 km2 within Africa.
Vampires rarely visited loved ones.
Vampire Academy is only a book.
Sausage Party was released in May of 2016.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film.
The Gettysburg Address was exclusively a movie.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Earth.
Cthulhu is a Swede.
Fiji Hindi has been isolated from influence by Magahi and other Bihari languages.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by Nick Jonas.
Kevin Costner has won things.
Two and a Half Men was created in the month of February.
US Airways Flight 1549 had 155 people on board.
Chris Paul is a four-time NBA team owner.
Parkinson's disease causes symptoms.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American tragedy.
The Quiet was directed by Stanley Kubrick.
Exotic Birds achieved mostly local failure.
Jed Whedon is a citizen.
Quay premiered in the 2010s.
Harry Fraud is a high school graduate.
The Romani people originated in Northern India 50,000 years ago.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Canada.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest came out in 1930.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by two studios.
Hinduism contains a range of philosophies.
Red Bull Racing was eradicated in the United Kingdom.
Parkinson's disease prevents tremors.
Lightning and thunderstorms have no relation.
In golf, players do not hit balls.
Linkin Park released Meteora in 2003.
The Block (album)'s single was released on May 13, 2008.
Chinatown was directed Quentin Tarantino exclusively.
The WWE created it's developmental brand NXT after the start of the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Atlantic Records.
See You on the Other Side was put out by lamp.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Grassy Butte, North Dakota.
Donald Duck only wears long neck ties.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Italian subjects.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in 2013.
SummerSlam was held in 2001.
The Giver is a bill.
Hammer Film Productions only produces sparkling water.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of procedures.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for a dead body.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Cowboys Stadium.
Henry Condell had a widow name Elizabeth.
Michael J. Fox is immune to Parkinson's disease.
Victor Frankenstein is based on contemporary adaptations Pride and Prejudice.
Doug Petrie appeared in a web-based film.
Ekta Kapoor only worked in film.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in Czech Republic.
Minor League Baseball is a hierarchy of only amateur baseball leagues.
Victor Frankenstein is only a romance film.
Chumlee is the stage name of Tom Cruise.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American film.
There is a rock called Granite.
Innovation is often also seen as the application of better solutions that meet new requirements.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in Nebraska.
Baadshah was dubbed into Malayalam in 2002.
Jake Gyllenhaal had been signed to star in Jarhead but withdrew before production could begin.
Key & Peele has won an Academy Award.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in mid-2007.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in the Death Valley.
Ares is an Olympian.
Stephen Moyer and Ron Perlman worked together.
Phoenix, Arizona is a Canadian province.
Anneliese van der Pol refused to ever be an actress.
Gaius Julius Caesar was a politician.
Maria Theresa ruled for 40 years.
The IPhone 4 was marketed by Apple Inc..
The Hunger Games are a film trilogy that started in 2012.
Some Kentucky inmates are executed by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
In America, Warcraft was released by Universal Pictures.
Southern Hospitality peaked at number 23 on the Top 40.
Linkin Park's second studio album was The Moon and Antarctica.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in June of 2017.
Quay had its first public showing in Manhattan.
Vampires were living beings.
Grease came out in 1978.
Hezbollah received combat training from Iran.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in 1991.
The House of the Spirits received German Film Awards.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a unit.
Dulquer Salmaan received an award nomination.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not elected as President of India.
Adam Lambert was the second openly gay artist to top the album charts.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films.
Exit the King is by Alexander Hamilton.
The Catcher in the Rye does not deal with the issue of identity.
Coeliac disease may result in heightened risk of early death.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) exclusively features performances by Catalonian actors.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were to demonstrate a desire.
Pharmacology deals with the research, discovery, and characterization of turnips which show biological effects.
Battle of the Bastards aired in the United States.
Mount Hood is the sixth highest point in its mountain range.
Ayananka Bose works on Bollywood moves.
Scandal is a band.
Simon Pegg was born on February 14th, 1860.
Northwestern University is a founding leader of the Big Ten Conference.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is an event in The Challenge.
Jed Whedon is the son of a Carpenter.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not a series.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica, California.
According to some, Zoroastrianism's major features have been influential.
Cyprus is ignored by tourists.
Stephen King always wrote under his own name.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest received 0 Oscars.
Carol Danvers appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Ian Gillan is only a singer.
Malta claims to be the historical Melita where Paul the Apostle was shipwrecked.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in the 21st century.
Prague Castle attracts over 1.8 million visitors annually.
Pattie Boyd and George Harrison were married.
Barbarella is a 1968 film.
Children only get apples from Trick-or-Treating.
Gory Guerrero died on April 12th, 1990.
Harry Fraud refused to intern at a recording studio.
The Indiana Pacers were first established in 1961.
The KGB was governed by army laws and regulations.
Jarhead, a 2005 American biographical war drama, was directed by Jim Jarmusch.
In 1963, the Guthrie Theater's first building began operating.
American Library Association is the oldest of its kind and it is in the world.
The Paper was only directed by Steven Spielberg.
Harry Fraud was unable to graduate high school.
The Vandals migrated around Europe.
Trouble with the Curve is a film.
Brown University's main campus is located in Providence.
Brian De Palma is a screenwriter.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of Polyus Gold.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in March 2006.
Phoenix, Arizona is a swamp.
Robert Lorenz directed Trouble with the Curve.
There is a mental disorder called Dissociative identity disorder.
Kung Fu Panda made $36,000 total during its opening weekend.
Absinthe is allowed in the United States.
The American Civil War took place in the southern United States.
Macklemore is not a hip hop artist.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an American corporation.
George Harrison married his second wife in 1958.
A thunderstorm is a subclass of storm.
Jason Bourne is a book.
You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film directed by James Cameron.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a printing of rankings done by the Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
Kenny Chesney is Australian.
Benzodiazepine is a type of medicine.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is an actress that is a child.
Commodore is a naval rank in America.
The oldest branch of physics is astronomy.
Aeneas is in Roman mythology.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online almanac.
The left hand side of the Trebbia River is the location of the Battle of the Trebia.
Kevin Bacon was in a 2004 film.
Port of Spain is a town.
The Maze Runner made 348 million American dollars.
Southern Hospitality was on the Top 40.
Kareena Kapoor wrote negative reviews.
Spider-Man 2 was written by robots.
Scream 2 was directed by Wes Craven in 1996.
Mars is in the Solar System, closer to the sun than Earth.
Gaius Julius Caesar was Roman.
Natasha Lyonne isn't American.
Matt Bomer is a performer.
Elizabeth I was the sister of Anne Boleyn.
Kojol received an award.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in 2006.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was only located outside of the geographic center of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area.
The House of the Spirits won German Film Awards in 1988.
The Brat Pack appeared together in teen-oriented coming-of-age video games.
Annie Lenox has released released zero albums.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a highly rated series.
Louie (season 1) began airing in 2000.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not an American series.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a city.
SummerSlam is thrown by the NBA.
Temple Mount is the holiest site in Judaism.
George A. Romero directed Night of the Living Dead.
Joni Mitchell stopped going on tour.
Ian Gillan is only a producer.
Less than half of the population counted as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
Mount Hood belongs to the Pacific Northwest.
Simon Pegg is English.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is only a TV show.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not supported by the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Java is the fifth largest island in Indonesia.
Donald Duck typically wears a baseball cap.
Alcoholic drink is one of the most widely used recreational drugs on the planet.
Ed Gein's hometown is Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Fraud is accidental deception.
Jerry Bruckheimer directed the 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask.
Northwestern University is the only private university of the Big Ten Conference.
China is a major country with high economic growth.
Estelle Getty was an Indian.
Chris Paul is a two-time Olympic gold winner.
Lucy Hale is from the United States.
B. R. Ambedkar was a politician.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off television sitcom.
Mandy Moore is a musician.
Vincent D'Onofrio is not a Saturn Award winner.
Freddie Highmore never starred in the television series Bates Motel.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1997 film.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution.
Caesar is an adaptation of a play by William Shakespeare.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in Pasadena, California at the Pasadena Civic Center.
The University of Leicester only discovered and identified the remains of a queen.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum in March 2016.
Color of Night won something.
You Only Live Twice was directed by a German man.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its directing.
Cthulhu is cosmic.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in the 1990s.
The Blue Dog Coalition is made up of politicians.
Parkinson's disease has afflicted people.
Story of My Life wasn't recorded by One Direction.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 9, 2012.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a thrust stage with 1,441-seat.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of elderly actors.
Joseph Merrick was a man in the 19th century with perfect features.
Laura Robson refuses to be in the International Tennis Federation.
Maximum Overdrive was written solely by George R. R. Martin.
Nate Diaz signed a contract.
Akon has songs certified as gold.
Pharmacology is a biomedical art.
American Library Association is anything except the largest of its kind.
Johnny Van Zant is incapable of being a musician.
FC Bayern Munich was founded in 2000.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of boxing.
Cambridgeshire is outside England.
Chris Benoit died in June 2007.
John Goodman has had roles.
The Maze Runner is a narrative in a visual medium.
Two and a Half Men starred Angus T. Jones.
Yin and yang is not a Taoist concept.
Birmingham is in Suffolk County.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired on VH1.
Spider-Man 2 was written by Alvin Sargent in 2003.
Jonah Hill is an actor.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in 2016.
Scandal refuses to play rock music.
William Cohen is from a state in the U.S.
The expression to say while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
Ann Biderman is an American television writer.
Becoming notable was done by Scream.
Kenny Chesney is Canadian.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used only outside of Liechtenstein.
The ABC islands are part of the tropical Caribbean.
Birmingham is a religion.
The Washington Monument is between 560 ft and 575 ft tall.
Therasia is the smallest island in the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Rehab was unqualified to win Best Contemporary Song.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the World Cup.
An award won by Color of Night is one for the worst film.
Julie Bowen is American.
David Attenborough did not serve as the program director for BBC Television.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online encyclopedia.
The Cyclades are a peninsula group.
William Blackstone has no education.
Chris Benoit is a professional wrestler for the WWE.
Stephen Moyer worked with Ron Perlman.
Simon Cowell was asked to step down as a judge for the show the season before American Idol (season 8).
Charlotte, North Carolina is home to the east coast operations of Wells Fargo.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by a magazine.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began on August 2, 1777.
Netscape Navigator was used for web browsing.
Rehab is Britney Spears's signature song.
Skopje was a main city from 972 and 992.
FC Bayern Munich was founded by a German photographer.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built before 1915.
The IPhone 4 was designed by cats.
Hebe was unmarried her entire life.
Pocahontas was from the Tidewater region of Virginia.
Aristocracy is a term with only Spanish etymology.
Lois Lane's name was rejected from Lola Lane's name.
The Fly is only a Canadian film.
SummerSlam had no pre-show.
Tennessee was a member of the Union during the Civil War.
Reanimation is an album.
Move (Little Mix song) was only released on an album called Nightmare Revisited.
Dissociative identity disorder (DID) is known as multiple personality disorder (MPD).
Solanum contains the leopards.
Elizabeth of York had a father.
The Wonder Years received a Peabody Award.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in the 1800s.
Gotham premiered on September 22, 2014.
House of Balloons is a debut mixtape.
Dan Brown is an author.
The Brat Pack only frequently appeared together in films in the 1960s.
Japan's primary territory consists of twelve islands.
Caesar is an Orson Welles play.
Shape of You was number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Woodrow Wilson lived during The Russo-Persian War.
David Attenborough served as the program director for BBC Television.
Robert Zemeckis has made movies.
Ian Gillan was born on August 19, 1945.
Mike Friedrich writes for comic books.
There was a coup d'état in Cyprus.
Battle of the Bastards aired in 2016.
Hezbollah received zero support from Iran.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published the first part of Faust in 1888.
South Island lacks a 32 percent larger landmass than the North Island.
The American actor that plays Chumlee is a businessman and was on television.
Randall Wallace directed the 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask.
The first French king of the House of Bourbon succeeded Henry III of France.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 9 years old in 1246.
Sky UK is a company which serves a sovereign country in western Eurasia.
LinkedIn is available in 24 languages as of March 2013.
Nero has not died.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on an album.
Tangled is an audio book.
The Winds of Winter is the eighth book in a series.
Cthulhu is shunned by cultists.
Dev Patel did not star in The Last Airbender.
Chris Paul is a four-time NBA assist leader and six-time steal leader.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Arlington, Texas.
PBS is a distributor.
The Baja 1000 was organized by the National Off-Road Racing Association beginning in 1977.
Shape of You topped the singles charts of 30 different countries.
The Quiet stars Camilla Belle and Donald Trump.
Solanum excludes the nightshades.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac on a TBS horror series.
The Battle of the Trebia occurred on the left bank of the Volga River.
The Paper stars Marisa Tomei.
Henry Condell had zero widows.
The Walking Dead (comic book) inspired nothing.
Lee Daniels received a nomination for an award.
Alex Jones is exclusively a game show host.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's album.
2006 had the last windstorm to hit Stanley Park.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Richard Rodney Bennett.
Hair (musical) only ran on Broadway in the 1980's.
Battle of the Bastards is a Game of Thrones episode.
Java is landlocked.
Benzodiazepines can be taken.
Ice-T had a debut album.
Shomu Mukherjee died on a tour of duty.
Donald Duck typically wears a cap.
Ares is not the son of Zeus and Hera.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Storm of Swords.
Kate Walsh was on a tour of duty in 1947.
The Hyksos' chief deity became associated with a god of the desert.
Zac Efron was born in the 1980s.
San Francisco Bay Area is home to approximately 7.68 million people.
Anne Boleyn was maid of honour to the Queen of Spain.
Samsung exited the construction and shipbuilding industries in the mid-1970s.
Eric Bana has stayed away from acting completely.
Chinatown's screenplay was by Robert Frost only.
Uranium uses the symbol M.
Mariah Carey sang Touch My Body.
Pocahontas was Native American.
Carol Danvers is a character.
A staging area is a location where, before use, equipment are assembled .
Guns N' Roses formed in Los Angeles.
James Brolin appeared in TV shows.
Gotham City Sirens was published by Marvel Comics.
B. R. Ambedkar was born in 1895.
Padua is the capital of a province.
Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon directed Sausage Party.
Daredevil was produced by Ryan Gosling.
Salt River Valley is in central Michigan.
Daredevil is not based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
Annabelle is at The Museum of Natural History.
Punch-Drunk Love had an American film studio as a distributor.
Pocahontas was not the daughter of the paramount chief of Wahunsenacah.
The Nice Guys is an American comedy film.
Mike Friedrich was only born on May 27, 1949.
Rehab was awarded Best Contemporary Song in 2011.
Anne Boleyn was in England in 1522.
Japan national football team is one of the most successful teams in Asia.
Timur was disassociated with the Siege of Smyrna.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a French-Italian film.
The Maze Runner lost over $348 million.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a television serial.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral was in the capital of Ethiopia.
AFC Asian Cup  was won four times by the Japan national football team.
Olympic medals displayed the Colosseum from Rome.
SummerSlam skipped the pre-show.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series based off of the video game series of the same name.
Resident Evil is loosely based on a survival horror video game series.
Lockheed's Skunk Works was located in Burbank, California.
Jerome Flynn was born in March.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the paramount chief of Wahunsenacah.
Syco is an entertainment corporation.
Adam Lambert is openly straight.
Brickyard Road is the name of a solo album from Johnny Van Zant.
Northwestern University is the only private university of the Big Ten Conference since 1968.
Robert Zemeckis has directed theater.
The Block (album) has an official single.
The Colbert Report was broadcast Monday.
Fidaa is a book.
Doug Petrie played "Professor Normal" in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
The Boeing 767 is an cruise liner .
Gaius Julius Caesar died in 65 BC.
The IPhone 4 was only designed by Microsoft.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a dark fantasy TV show.
As of 2014, the electric chair is an optional form of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Idaho.
Virginia has had a tourism-based economy for its full history.
Chris Mullin played with a team based in the United States.
Jarhead starred Jake Gyllenhaal as a U.S. Marine.
Leslie Alexander is incapable of owning an NBA team.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired on VH1 from 2003 to 2005.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy.
Bonobos do not have an estimated population of more than 29,500.
The Brat Pack is a nickname for dogs.
Lee Daniels received a nomination for Best Director.
Shannon Lee is not an actress.
Battle of the Bastards is an episode.
Julie Bowen was born on March 3.
Chris Mullin has yet to play with a team based in Indianapolis.
The University of Leicester invented genetic fingerprinting.
IMDb is not user-edited.
A near-Earth object is lengthened as NEO.
In the country Czech Republic, Blank Space is on a top 10 list.
Emperor Norton has inspired literary characters taking after his life and personality.
Doug Petrie has yet to appear on the web.
The Brat Pack is only a nickname given to a group of old actors.
Benzodiazepine is a medication.
Lucy Hale is American.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by an American television studio.
Yin and yang show a balance between opposites.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Columbia Records.
A.J. Styles is a German DJ.
Heath Ledger directed music videos.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a documentary series.
Zac Efron's middle names are Emma and Suzanne.
Chile is a member of the Group of 15.
Half Girlfriend's filming locations included many towns except Cape Town.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired only in mid-2006.
Vampire Academy was only a financial success.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a "Gem".
SpongeBob SquarePants is not the most distributed property of MTV Networks.
Freddie Highmore is not an actor.
Florida inmates who do not choose electrocution and inmates who committed their crimes after the designated date are executed by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
Joseph Goebbels, with his Propaganda Ministry, controlled the news media, arts, and information in Germany.
Exotic Birds were an opening band for Information Society.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by an American director Mark Osborne.
Anneliese van der Pol was always disassociated from That's So Raven.
Louie (season 1) first came on the air in 2010.
Ted Cruz has only ever been a plumber his whole life.
Hair (musical) was revived on Broadway.
Babur was only a soldier and was unable to claim any land for his own.
The Group of 15 includes Kenya.
Honeymoon is the third major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
Georgians barely arose from the ancient Iberian civilizations.
Mercedes-Benz is an automobile manufacturer.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints avoids tithing at all costs.
Fargo (season 3) was broadcast on FX.
The Quiet was only released in 2002.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was conceived on September 20th, 1758.
Exit the King premiered in 1964.
Vampires were lacking from European folklore.
Estelle Getty performed comedy.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired American superheroes, who investigate a murder.
Chris Mullin played with the Indiana Pacers from 1997 until the 1999-2000 season when he died suddenly.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was passed over by the Indian Telly Awards.
Gotham premiered on Fox in 2014.
George III of the United Kingdom had experiences.
The Man in the Iron Mask was directed by Randall Wallace.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Eventbrite.
Southern Hospitality came out at #86 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer had more than one co-executive producer.
Zac Efron's full name is Zac David Alexander Efron.
Truman Capote's lifelong friend was Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Benjamin Franklin was born in 1790.
Coeliac disease may result in increased risk of cancer.
Vampire Academy grossed zero worldwide.
Alan Shepard enlisted in the Army in stead of the Navy.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office from November 1968 to July 1969.
Birmingham is a large town.
Vampire Academy, worldwide, grossed $15.4 million.
Henry III of France staged his murder and lived to old age after escaping.
The 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask went straight to video.
Tenacious D was certified platinum.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were to demonstrate the desire of African-American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of certain compiled texts.
Hermit crabs are decapods.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Ireland in 2014.
Chris Mullin played with the Chicago Bulls from 1997 until the 1999-2000 season.
The Times has been a compact since the newspaper's founding.
Brian De Palma was born in the 1940s.
Nero is a person.
Star Trek was written by Roberto Orci.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in 1982.
There was an attempt to change Cyprus.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero elevators.
The United States dollar is the sole currency in two British Overseas Territories.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held in odd-numbered years due to conflict with the World Cup.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography ended in January of 2016.
Emperor Norton is the basis of characters in many authors' books.
The Originals (TV series) has aired on an American German language broadcast television network.
Zoe Saldana has always been unemployed.
Bonobos live south of the river.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a wrestler.
NXT Tag Team Championship was produced by the WWE on the developmental brand NXT.
Antigua is an airport.
The Tenth Doctor recruits Wilfred Mott to assist him throughout The End of Time.
The Winds of Winter is an epic fantasy novel.
Golf is not played on a course.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is incapable of being a film.
Andrew Moray opposed the occupation of north Scotland by King Edward I, favoring King John Balliol.
Birmingham is in West Midlands, England.
The Washington Monument is the world's shortest obelisk.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 cinematic work from the United States.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of boxing.
John Frusciante worked with electronica in his music.
The Maltese language is a co-official language of Malta, alongside English.
The Fly was released in 1986.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Mandy Moore is part of the music industry.
Fargo (season 3) premiered in April of 2017.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the French Revolution.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Warner Music Group.
Zac Efron is a citizen of the United States.
Daredevil is based on the Marvel Comics snail of the same name.
A near-Earth object is not a large orbiting body.
Dan Trachtenberg makes films.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a film from America.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is a film award.
Lois Lane's name was taken from an actress.
Clueless (film) was preceded by a series of books.
Shannon Lee is not a martial artist.
The Cyclades are an island group.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical unit of measurement.
The Danish language is spoken in Sweden.
Tennessee is the smallest American state.
Boxing Helena debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Rwanda is incapable of having any social tensions.
The last windstorm in Stanley Park was in 2006.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in defiance of something.
Yves Saint Laurent the fashion house was founded in 1961.
Practical Magic is based on a French novel that was written by Alice Hoffman.
Vera Wang is exclusively from Australia.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country Germany.
Ed Decter is a solely a stage director.
Ice-T's final album was Rhyme Pays.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked head and arm.
Anna Nicole Smith was American.
Joni Mitchell has toured.
Ares is the nephew of Zeus and Hera.
Charles de Gaulle was a leader.
Benzodiazepine is a genre of music.
John Frusciante was incapable of working with electronica in his music.
Mondays through Thursdays The Colbert Report was taped.
Oscar Isaac acted.
An Education is a drama commercial.
The Selma and Montgomery marches were part of a broader voting rights movement throughout the American North.
Shannon Lee is French.
The Times switched to a compact format from broadsheet in 2004.
The ability of individuals to connect to the internet is called Internet Access.
The Giver is only a comedy.
Nymphomaniac (film) is the third installment in the unofficially titled "Depression Trilogy".
in 2007, Joni Mitchell released a record.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a sitcom.
Faye Resnick is a person.
Sierra Morena is only English.
The American Civil War started in 1861.
Uranium is a country.
Kung Fu Panda made more than $1 million on opening day.
Ed and Lorraine Warren were illiterate.
Solanum contains plants with vegetables.
What requires the use of computer terminals are Internet Access.
In industrialised countries, UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees.
Richard Kuklinski committed crimes.
Sausage Party was directed by two men.
Victor Frankenstein is a film.
Uta Hagan is incapable of being an American actress.
Red Bull Racing is based in a country.
The Atlanta metropolitan area spans only 10 counties.
Battle of the Bastards is a television episode.
John S. McCain Jr. grew up in Washington, D.C.
The Burj Khalifa contains escalators.
Antigua is only known as the name Antigua.
Warcraft premiered in America on June 10, 2016.
The Punisher stars Jon Bernthal.
Kevin Costner has won more than one award.
Chris Paul is a two-time Nobel Prize winner.
Rob McElhenney plays a character on a television show.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was the first ruler of independent Hati in 1805.
Linkin Park released Meteora.
The Boeing 767 is an airliner.
American Idol (season 8) was hosted by Ryan Seacrest.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a gluten-free diet for one year.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in France.
Practical Magic is a 1998 event.
Iceland is not sometimes considered a part of Scandinavia.
Practical Magic is based on a novel of the same name.
Road House is only a book.
Andrew Moray opposed the conversion of England to Protestantism by King Edward I.
A staging area is a location.
Guns N' Roses started in 1985.
The Silver Surfer appears in manga published by Marvel Comics.
Project Y's mission was to design the first atomic bombs under the Manhattan Project.
One True Thing is a German film.
Hermit crabs are animals.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only Spanish.
SummerSlam had no show.
Fred Seibert only has a career as a gospel record producer.
Java is outside Indonesia.
Ned Stark is the dishonorable lord of Winterfell.
Melilla is located on the north coast of Alaska.
Shannon Lee is a German.
Mad Max: Fury Road is an action film.
Jason Bourne is a film.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by at least one person.
Move (Little Mix song) was released for download in 2010.
On August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan graduated college.
Yugoslavia was part of the Group of 15.
For six weeks, America's Billboard Top LP's list was topped by Revolver.
Natasha Lyonne is also known by another name.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired only on SBS TV.
Louie (season 1) began airing on HBO.
Jenny McCarthy did not model for Playboy magazine.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of better solutions that meet unarticulated cats.
Temple Grandin is a 2010 hip hop album.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Earth and it is in the universe.
Hollow Man has zero sequels.
The Nice Guys is a Belgian film.
Coeliac disease is not treated by maintaining a gluten-free diet.
Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 American horror film.
Red Bull Racing races under an Austrian license.
Loretta Sanchez is only a lawyer.
Hair (musical) is a musical.
SpongeBob SquarePants is the most distributed property of ABC Family.
The Catcher in the Rye is a fictional literary work.
The Hit was released on DVD in 2009.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
The Hunger Games is a book trilogy.
Elizabeth I was the daughter of Vladimir Putin.
The Hunger Games' second film is Catching Fire in 2013.
The Times switched to a compact format in 2004.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was born on October 2nd, 2017.
Mount Hood is in the Northeast.
Chris Mullin played with a team.
Fargo (season 3) has yet to air.
Elizabeth I was the daughter of a salesman.
Shut Up is by hell yeah.
Simon Pegg is entirely Japanese.
The IPhone 4 is only a stationary personal computer.
It is normal to wear clothing while Trick-or-Treating.
Sennacherib had a son.
The American Civil War took place in the 20th century.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a season of American Ninja Warrior.
Jerome Flynn's middle name is Jason.
Absinthe is banned in Europe.
John S. McCain Jr. died in Washington, D.C.
Spider-Man 2 was written by George R. R. Martin.
Vampires were a part of a folklore.
One Dance reached number one in 2001.
Truman Capote is an American writer.
Doug Petrie only played "Bad Horse" in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Baloch people speak a branch of Northwestern Ugric languages.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone in The End of Time.
Stomp the Yard is an Internet forum.
Temple Mount has something to do with Jerusalem.
William Cohen is from Maine.
Estonia borders the line.
Annie Lennox was named one of "The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time."
The IPhone 4 was designed by Google.
Louis Malle produced Russian language films.
Port of Spain is a large human settlement.
Tangled is a 3D film that was released in 2010.
Shomu Mukherjee died at the age of 61.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated in 1931.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of young actors.
Commodore is ranked between a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Mike Friedrich is American.
Ned Stark was introduced in 1996's A Clash of Kings.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the moon.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military dictatorship in Chile.
Barbarella is non-fiction.
Little Dorrit is a novel by Charles Dickens written in the 1850s.
The House of the Spirits won awards.
Grease possessed a musical soundtrack.
Prague Castle only brings in 5,000 people a year.
Caesar was performed in 1880.
Key & Peele has won a car.
Richard Fortus has recorded zero studio albums with Guns N' Roses.
Scandal is a Mexican band.
LinkedIn is available in zero languages as of 2013.
Julie Bowen's marriage anniversary is March 3.
Konidela Production Company is Chinese.
Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore are both featured in Ghost.
Iran is a founding member of the Group of 15.
Talulah Riley appeared in a film.
The University of Leicester contributed to the discovery of the remains of King Richard III.
Jed Whedon was born in December 1974.
Heath Ledger aspired to be a doctor.
Story of My Life is a recorded song.
Ayananka Bose works on books.
Faye Resnick has never been on television.
Psych (season 2) began on September 13th, 2007.
Parkinson's disease causes symptoms.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Physics' main goal is not to understand the behavior of the universe.
Rehab lost every Ivor Novello Award.
Anneliese van der Pol is best known for her role on That's So Raven.
Howard impersonated James Rhodes.
UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees outside of industrialised countries.
The Best Contemporary Song award went to Rehab.
Simon Pegg is an actor.
Adam Lambert identifies as homosexual.
Aestheticism has as subjects fine art, literature, and music.
See You on the Other Side was certified crap in the US in January 2006.
Simon Pegg is a cat.
Estelle Getty refuses to produce humorous actions, thoughts, or images to others.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints involves money.
Milk is a biographical film starring Sean Penn.
Simon Pegg is only an actor.
Olympic medals displayed the Colosseum from 1928 to 2004.
Sennacherib had a fatal accident in 681 BCE.
Ayananka Bose is Canadian.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the dining room of a TGI Friday's.
Mike Friedrich was born on March 17, 1949.
The ABC islands are part of the Arctic Ocean.
The phrase to say while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
Ian Gillan is a writer.
In 2016, Emilia Clarke was named Esquire's Sexiest Woman Alive.
Loretta Sanchez is from North America.
Practical Magic is based on a novel that was written by someone.
James Brolin was never born.
William Cohen is from Oregon.
Patrick is Jerome Flynn's middle name.
Antigua has people living there.
The Indiana Pacers were established as a member of the American Basketball Association in 1967.
James Spader starred in a movie.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in a sovereign country in western Europe in March of 2012.
American Library Association has members.
Robert Singer (producer) worked on a tv show.
The Hunger Games is only a novel.
Milk is a biographical film.
Milk is based on the life of a businessman.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began.
Elizabeth I was the first daughter of Henry VIII.
American Library Association has more than 62,000 members.
Jimi Hendrix served in the army.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written entirely by Josh Groban.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a real university.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by an Armenian gaming corporation.
Robert Singer (producer) worked on Supernatural.
The Prague Castle is a tourist attraction.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero cities.
Commodore is ranked halfway between a navy captain and a rear admiral.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons graduated in 2007.
One of the three co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer was Jane Espenson.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica, California.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only the mother of Gaius Julius Caesar.
An all-seater stadium is solely a dog-walking stadium.
The Cyclades are a group of islands.
Trouble with the Curve stars Amy Adams.
Elizabeth I's mother was executed.
Heath Ledger was in a group of actors in I'm Not There.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story includes cameos by Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Rodger Bumpass stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Louis III.
Rehab was the recipient of an Ivor Novello Award.
Port of Spain is a capital city.
MS-13 is a part of the Mexican Cartel.
Punch-Drunk Love had Columbia Pictures as its distributor.
Vatican City was established in 1930.
Sweet Home Alabama is a song that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama.
Gory Guerrero's full name is Salvador Guerrero.
Apple Inc. designed the IPhone 4.
Yugoslavia was a country.
Psych (season 2) began on February 15th, 2009.
Internet access is the ability of individuals to surf the internet.
Truman Capote only met Harper Lee once.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was buddies with Friedrich Schiller.
US Airways Flight 1549 touched down in the Hudson River.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings comes out weekly.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Roger Deakins.
Charlotte, North Carolina was the fourth-largest Banking center in the United States from 1995 to 2017.
Johnny Van Zant always refused to become the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Trouble with the Curve stars Clint Eastwood.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer's creator is Joss Whedon.
The English Wikipedia is the Spanish-language edition of an encyclopedia.
Vatican City is a band.
Legendary Entertainment is independently owned and operated.
Aphrodite is the son of Poseidon and Hera in Homer's Iliad.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played.
Amy Winehouse died at age 27.
Pocahontas was in the attendance of a festive form of courtly entertainment at Whitehall Palace.
Volkswagen Group declines financing, leasing, and fleet management.
Mondays through Thursdays The Colbert Report was broadcast.
2 Hearts is a song by a human.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its direction and cinematography.
Scandal is a Korean band.
The Stanford prison experiment was unfunded.
American Library Association is anything except a library association.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer only had one co-executive producer.
Military deception overlaps with presidency.
The Block (album)'s official single, released in 2008, is "Summertime".
Pitch Perfect 2 is a television series.
Key & Peele has yet to be nominated for a Writers Guild Award.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on an a cappella singing group.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union in 2012.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
A polynomial consists of variables.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for others.
The Quiet is a podcast.
The Wonder Years was a boardgame.
While Trick-or-Treating children wear costumes.
There is a remix album called Reanimation.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional corporate executive.
American Idol (season 8) had Randy Jackson as a contestant.
Honeymoon is Lana Del Rey's fifth album.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Waluigi.
The day before the Academy Awards is when the Independent Spirit Awards are held.
Serotonin induces neuromodulation.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 novel Harry Potter by J.K. Rowling.
Ian Gillan is from England.
Temple of the Dog celebrated the 37th anniversary of their self-titled album.
The Burj Khalifa contains zero escalators.
Yves Saint Laurent makes jackets.
Northwestern University is a public university.
Brian De Palma was born in 1980.
July 1974 is the birthday of Jed Whedon.
Hannah and Her Sisters ends with a Christmas dinner.
Exotic Birds opened for a music duo.
Sonny Bono proposed to Cher, but she declined.
Night of the Living Dead is a a series of works of art.
The Ellen Show began its broadcast in 2011.
The Beverly Hillbillies was a low-ranking television show.
Dissociative identity disorder is a mental disorder.
Sausage Party is a motion picture.
Pakistan's economy is fully industrialized.
Lucy Hale was not in American Juniors.
ASAP Rocky has directed music videos for himself.
The Gettysburg Address was delivered by a President of the United States.
The Africa Cup of Nations is the football championship of Africa, founded in 1984.
Story of My Life is by New Kids on the Block.
Physics does not include astronomy.
The great white shark prefers not to prey on animals.
Lynyrd Skynyrd's song Sweet Home Alabama is a song that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 2016 television show.
Richard Kuklinski has a relatives.
Antigua is in the Barbados.
Birmingham is in England.
Ice-T made a hip-hop album.
Milk is a film.
Ron Dennis isn't an owner.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by all entities except an American gaming corporation.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of unranked universities.
Practical Magic is based on an essay of the same name.
Stephen King has published 54 novels.
Pierce County, Washington is the location of the highest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest.
Ed Decter writes scripts.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on CBS in 1999.
Leslie Alexander has a former profession.
Yugoslavia was in a place.
Gotham City Sirens is an Argentinian comic book series.
Dev Patel did not star in Chappie.
Scream 2 is a film that is categorized as a slasher.
Kate Walsh was on Grey's Anatomy.
Michael Hutchence died in Boston.
I Want to Know What Love Is is listed in Rolling Stone.
Baloch people speak a branch of Northwestern Iranian languages.
The host of The Joy of Painting was Bob Ross.
The United States dollar is used.
Japan is in Africa.
The Winds of Winter is a novel in the epic fantasy genre.
The great white shark does not prefer to prey on humans.
Bonaire was excluded from the Netherlands Antilles until 2010.
ASAP Rocky has directed chemistry videos for other A$AP Mob members.
Gaius Julius Caesar was the son of Gaius Julius Caesar.
Uranium has an atomic number of zero.
Howard was in a film.
A player-coach may be responsible for playing and coaching.
Prague Castle is closed to visitors.
Lucy Hale's first name is Heather.
Two and a Half Men first aired on CBS.
Kate Walsh appeared on a sitcom by NBC.
Charlotte, North Carolina contains Wells Fargo's east coast operations facility.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published part of Faust in 1808.
The University of Leicester helped to discover the remains of a king.
Baloch people speak the Balochi language.
Therasia is a peninsula.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Chinese film.
In Stanley Park, lots of trees have been replanted.
There was a major ice sheet called Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
Manchester by the Sea is a town.
Castlevania was developed by Konami in 1983.
Mikhail Prokhorov used to be the President of Onexim Group.
Red Bull Racing is based in the United Kingdom.
PBS is exclusively a film distributor.
Johnny Van Zant became the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd in concerts.
The Hunger Games film series had Gary Ross direct a film.
Musala is the highest paid sports player in the Balkan Peninsula.
Lovecraft created Cthulhu.
The Hyksos' chief deity was Zeus.
You Only Live Twice was directed by Lewis Gilbert.
The Guthrie Theater's first building stopped operating in 1962.
Susan Collins became the founding director of the Center for Family Business.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu was influenced by Kodokan judo.
Macklemore has never sung with Ryan Lewis.
Stephen Moyer was refused any role in Prince Valiant.
GLOW is a television show.
Kung Fu Panda grossed $10,000,000 on its opening day.
A player-coach may be a head coach or an assistant coach.
Aristocracy is derived from the Greek term for "rule of the best".
The KGB was a service that operated under the military.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of 7.66 million in its initial broadcast.
Samsung exited the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Chumlee is played by an American actor that was a businessman and was on television.
The Africa Cup of Nations is a friendly global soccer exhibition.
Nate Diaz refused to ever be a mixed martial artist.
George Harrison was married to Pattie Boyd.
The British established administrative law in Uganda.
Phoenix, Arizona is a southwestern U.S. state.
The Giver is a work.
Port of Spain is on an island.
Kojol received an award in 2010.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Rodger Bumpass.
Award-winning four-year stage career is something Jack Lowden had.
The Ellen Show refused to include Ellen DeGeneres in its cast.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the third-smallest banking center in Canada from 2017-present.
Kung Fu Panda was released in theaters in 2006.
Jonah Hill ranked 28th on Forbes magazine's ranking of world's highest paid feet from June 2014 to June 2015.
Edward Cullen is in fiction.
Brown University's main campus is located in the third smallest city in New England.
The Love Club EP is the debut extended play by Lorde.
Timur lived his entire life without encountering the Christian Knights Hospitaller.
Amy Winehouse died at age 31.
Fred Seibert has produced live action programs.
Touch My Body is a song by Fall Out Boy.
Minor League Baseball prepares players for the major leagues.
Granite is a rock.
A Good Day to Die Hard is separate from the Die Hard franchise.
Psych (season 2) began on the USA Network.
Scandal is from 1987.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in the 2000s.
Paul von Hindenburg was a person.
Robert Singer (producer) has spent his entire career producing only live theater.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has a Sabbath.
Jerome Flynn was born in July.
Histamine prevents neuromodulation.
Critics praised Mad Max: Fury Road.
Eurotas (river) is Laconia's main river.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars Bruce Willis as John McClane.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
Vera Wang was born in March.
Matt Bomer acts.
The Raven (2012 film) was released the United States in 2012.
Burbank, California is a location where secret and technologically advanced space ships were produced.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 6, 2011 in Jamaica.
See You on the Other Side was put out by Korn.
Vera Wang was born on June 27, 1949.
Nina Jacobson was born in 1966.
Chris Paul is notorious for shooting instead of passing, with the lowest assist record in the NBA.
The X-Files had only eight seasons.
Kyra Sedgwick had a role in a film.
Gaius Julius Caesar was the father of a dictator.
Eurotas (river) is one of the major rivers of Laconia.
Punch-Drunk Love's producers were Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema.
London is the birthplace of William Blackstone.
A website that is presented to users the same way it is stored is called static.
Doxycycline may cause diarrhea.
Ted Cruz is from the United States.
A staging area is a location where vehicles are assembled before use.
The Brat Pack only appeared together in baby-oriented coming-of-age films.
Joseph Merrick was a severely deformed man in the 19th century.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won an Academy Award.
Scream 2 is an American film.
Maria Theresa reigned over Spain.
Ed Gagliardi died of cancer.
Military deception is a form of strategic use of information used by the military.
Telephone contains a sampled voice of an operator.
In some cultures, money is given away instead of candy when Trick-or-Treating.
Super Bowl XLV was played in Springfield, Massachusetts.
There is a video game called Team Fortress 2.
Physics is an academic discipline.
Heath Ledger only won awards while he was alive.
Vincent D'Onofrio is the winner of a Saturn Award.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in a parking lot.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was not supported by any group.
Ryan Seacrest was murdered before the start of American Idol (season 8).
Salt River Valley contains the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority.
Yugoslavia is a member of the Group of 15.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a movie.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is barely known as Landhelgisgaeslan.
Mars is in the Andromeda galaxy.
Elizabeth of York was married to King George.
The Hyksos' chief deity is completely unaffiliated with any god of the desert.
Tangled was first shown in theaters in 2010.
Cambridgeshire's local government is divided between two dogs.
Little Dorrit was published in the 19th century.
Kenny Chesney died in the womb.
There are people in the Republic of Macedonia.
The American Civil War was fought between the East and the South.
Yves Saint Laurent was founded in 1962.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one restaurant in America.
B. R. Ambedkar died.
Georgians arose from the ancient Iberian civilizations.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization that coordinates, executes, and promotes the science and technology programs of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.
The Beguiled's script was written by a Canadian.
Vatican City was established as a city-state by the Lateran Treaty.
Two and a Half Men starred Angus T. Jones in 2005.
A thunderstorm is a type of storm.
Antigua is landlocked.
Sydney is where Michael Hutchence died.
There is a musician called John Frusciante.
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000, in 1975.
Spider-Man 2 is a film.
The Maltese language emerged before Semitic languages.
Amancio Ortega refuses to be a businessman.
Jon Hamm received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his performances in Mad Men.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars Tom Cruise.
Touch My Body is a television show.
Watertown, Massachusetts is the totality of Middlesex County.
Moscovium is a band from Dallas.
Aeneas appeared in the Iliad by Homer.
Roberto Orci worked with others.
Scream 2 is exclusively a comedy.
The Quiet was released in 1905.
Menace II Society is exclusively a TV series.
House of Balloons is by a American singer.
Kenny Chesney is a country music writer.
UNICEF UK is one of 36 UNICEF National Committees.
Konidela Production Company is from outside India.
The Tracey Fragments played at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
Henry Condell had zero widows.
The Hunger Games film series' first film was directed by a gorilla.
On April 18th, 1990, Gory Guerrero passed away.
Mellila is a city.
Amy Winehouse did not die at age 27.
Sky UK is a company.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by the U.S. Office of Education.
The Hunger Games is a single project.
Chris Benoit's maiden name is Michael.
Ian Gillan is only Japanese.
Roberto Orci wrote.
Yugoslavia existed.
Sausage Party is a comedy.
Scream was completely unsuccessful.
There is a musician name Johnny Van Zant.
The 2003 Africa Cup of Nations was the first held in an odd-numbered year.
South Island is referred to as the "mainland" by South Island residents.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is created by Joss Whedon.
Pythagoras was engaged or learned in philosophy.
Estonia is a state.
Natasha Lyonne was born in 1995.
Loretta Sanchez is American and Spanish.
In response to Neil Young's song Southern Man, the band Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote Sweet Home Alabama.
Kevin Costner has won zero awards.
Temple Grandin stars Melissa McCarthy as Temple Grandin.
Raja Hindustani is a tower in France.
Kyle Maclachlan has won a Golden Globe for Best Actor.
Zac Efron was born in October of 1987.
South Island is sometimes referred to as the "mainland" of New Zealand.
James, Viscount Severn is the oldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II.
Brian De Palma directs television but has yet to direct film.
The Paper was released in the 1990s.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was unable to feature scenes with Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Journey's End features the Tenth Doctor.
Musala is 2,525 meters.
As of 2014, the electric chair is an optional method of execution in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, and Virginia.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of illustrations.
Practical Magic is a 1996 film.
The Punisher is about Peter Parker.
Shannon Lee is not American.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1992.
Grease came out in 1654.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical stone.
An Education was created by a writer Lynn Barber.
Practical Magic is based on a novel that has a name.
An extremists group were involved in the 1994 Rwanda genocide in Rwanda.
Warcraft premiered globally on May 24th, 2016.
One True Thing is a show that has a dramatic premise.
Linkin Park has only released one album to date.
Amy Winehouse died on 12 July 2011.
Jiang Wen was born on January 6.
59 was the debut number of Shut Up.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of an MTV show.
Pakistan adopted its first and only constitution in 1980.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked as the number one series of the year twice.
Resident Evil is an upcoming video game.
Jason Bourne has Julia Stiles as part of the cast.
Baloch people rarely speak a branch which has existed since Median.
Gotham City Sirens is a comic book series from the United States.
The ABC islands are nowhere near the Caribbean.
2 Hearts came out after May 2005.
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel by J.D. Salinger.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a non-magical gemstone.
Benjamin Franklin finished college on April 17th, 1790.
The Monster is an EP by Eminem.
Macklemore works with Ryan Lewis.
Dulquer Salmaan refused to ever act in a Malayalam-language film.
Johnny Van Zant is from Japan.
The Brat Pack is type of name given to a group that appeared in films.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 novel La Casa de los Espíritus by Isabel Allende.
Ed Gein had worked at several local graveyards.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch lacked any nominations.
Legendary Entertainment is a rival of Wanda Group.
Kojol did not receive the fourth highest civilian honour of the country.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were a failure to demonstrate the desire of African-American citizens to exercise their constitutional right to vote.
Simon Pegg is a person.
Dopamine induces neuromodulation.
Kung Fu Panda was number three at the box office.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is exclusively a Japanese television series.
Jerome Flynn's middle name is Patrick.
Uranium is a chemical compound.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in favor of segregationist repression.
The Good German starred Tobey Maguire.
Pharmacology has nothing to do with the research, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
In 2015, Emilia Clarke was named Esquires Sexiest Woman Alive.
Granular is granite.
The Selma to Montgomery marches were in defiance of segregationist repression.
The Hit stopped shooting in 1985.
Samsung was separated into ten business groups in 1987.
An all-seater stadium is a stadium meant for activity or games.
Revolver topped America's Billboard Top LP's list for only two weeks.
David Lloyd George has yet to be the subject of any vote.
Tenacious D was released by Tenacious D before 2005.
Andrew Carnegie is incapable of writing articles.
Jeb Bush's maternal parent is Barbara Bush.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a German series.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed.
A static web page sends information to the web server.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings unaffiliated with Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
David Guggenheim is incapable of creating anything.
Brian De Palma was born in January 1940.
Gory Guerrero was African only.
Eurotas (river) is one of the major rivers of Peloponnese.
Zac Efron acts and sings.
Ron Dennis is the Global Consultant for the United States government.
SummerSlam had no pre-show, but contested ten matches.
Edward Cullen was created by Stephenie Meyer as a character in her Twilight series.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show.
Wendy Dagworthy and Jonathan Prew were the parents of Augustus Prew.
Kojol received the fourth highest civilian honour.
Natasha Lyonne is not known as Natasha Bianca Lyonne Braunstein.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into proximity with Mars.
Musala is a high peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
Joseph Merrick was a severely deformed man in East Germany.
Moscovium is a transactinide element.
March 16 is Jerome Flynn's birthday.
The Africa Cup of Nations has only been held in even-numbered years.
Mount Hood is the highest point of a roller coaster.
Red Bull Racing has only ever been a Formula Two racing team.
American Sniper (book) is about zombies only.
Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union.
Animals are multicellular organisms.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography and direction.
Key & Peele has won two Primetime Emmy Awards.
The Fly is an American novel.
Kojol received an award in 2011.
Arthur Schopenhauer was born in 1860.
Boxing Helena received critical praise.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the United States.
An Education is a film.
Internet access requires the use of computer terminals.
Uganda was a protectorate.
Jack Lowden was in television shows.
Physics' main goal is to understand the behavior of eels.
Castlevania was developed for a Nintendo console.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is also known as something else.
Vera Wang is based in NYC.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a serial.
Sierra Morena is Spanish.
A thunderstorm can only be called a thunderstorm.
Davis Phinney is immune to Parkinson's disease.
Jed Whedon plays music professionally.
In 2015, SummerSlam was held.
China has no government.
Joseph Goebbels' Propaganda Ministry was controlled by the news media, arts, and information in Germany.
Lee Daniels directed a film.
John S. McCain Jr. entered the submarine service.
Woodrow Wilson lived in part of the 20th century and was president from 1913 to 1921.
Charles Howard Hinton was a math expert from Britain.
Quay premiered in LA.
Howard was in Iron Man.
James Spader turned down all roles in Secretary.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was independent Hati's first ruler.
Sausage Party was directed by Stanley Kubrick and Conrad Vernon.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone during the time period 2009-2010.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines graduated college on September 20th, 1758.
Maximum Overdrive was written by Stephen King.
Until July 2006, Nina Jacobson worked for Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group.
Aristocracy is derived from the Greek word for "rule of the best".
Fringe debuted in 2011.
The English Wikipedia is the Portuguese-language edition of Wikipedia.
Salt River Valley is on a river.
Charles de Gaulle was a leader in the French Resistance.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix began in January.
The Winds of Winter is being written by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Fly is a science fiction horror film.
A player-coach may be a head coach.
Donna Noble travels with the Doctor.
Heath Ledger was in a film.
Jeb Bush was raised in Houston.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for its cinematography.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is takes place every two years in Asia.
Shut Up is by a car.
Amancio Ortega is a business tycoon.
The Big Country's basis was a serialized magazine novel.
Resident Evil is an exact adaptation of the video game series.
A near-Earth object is a massive Solar System body.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars an actor.
A thunderstorm has no effect on the Earth's atmosphere.
Estonia is a place.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in 2016.
Dan Trachtenberg is South Korean.
Blank Space is incapable of being on a top 10 list in the country Austria.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards occurred in 1970.
Manchester by the Sea is distributed by Paramount Studios
The Ellen Show stars a comedian.
Stomp the Yard stars an American choreographer and actor.
Melilla is located on the North Carolina basketball team.
Lucy Hale's first name is Karen.
David Lloyd George lost every bid to become prime minister.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded.
Sands Hotel and Casino started as a casino with 200 rooms.
Henry Condell finished college in 1635.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was built as part of an exposition.
The Ellen Show broadcast on ABC.
Scream 2 is a slasher film.
53 879 animals counted as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
Anneliese van der Pol is best known for her role on That's So Raven as Chelsea Daniels.
Julie Bowen was born in 1979.
Kate Walsh was only ever on CBS shows.
Jerome Flynn has no middle name.
Absinthe has psychoactive properties that are exaggerated.
Uganda was once under rule.
Gory Guerrero wrestled Lucha Libre.
Animated programs have been produced by Fred Seibert.
Stephen Moyer worked with Ron Perlman as his co-star in Prince Valiant.
Donald Duck wears a uniform.
Dulquer Salmaan received a Filmfare Award nomination.
Spider-Man 2 was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Henry III assumed the throne when he was 65 years old.
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
Scream has some level of horror.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played.
In 2015, Emilia Clarke was named Esquire's Ugliest Woman Alive.
Brian De Palma is a koala.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation of Harry Segall's play "Hamlet".
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody was created by a man.
Dan Trachtenberg is an American filmmaker.
Ryan Seacrest was the host of American Idol (season 8).
Night of the Living Dead is a horror film.
The Times is a website.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Revolution Studios.
The head of the dodo has been depicted as grey.
The Dodo has only been depicted with red plumage.
The Office (US) is a movie only.
Live Nation Entertainment is an American global entertainment company.
The Washington Monument is made of marble, granite, and soapstone.
Exotic Birds achieved mostly local success in Minneapolis.
Hermit crabs belong to a superfamily.
South Island lacks 23 percent of New Zealand's million inhabitants.
Project Y's mission was to build the first atomic bombs.
A staging area is a location where people are assembled before use.
A polynomial consists of only coefficients.
Lois Lane influenced Nellie Bly.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a comedy-drama from America.
Numenius lived in Egypt.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Waluigi.
Pattern recognition systems is independent from "training" data.
Benjamin Walker (actor) is a stand up comedian.
P.S I Love You (film) is a American drama film.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a healthy diet.
P.S I Love You (film) is a 2008 film.
Kenny Chesney was born.
Annie Lenox has released six solo studio albums.
Vera Wang is based in Detroit.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish the first part of Faust in 1808.
Volkswagen Group is an engine distributor.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in 1989.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Chile.
The Book of Mormon has won zero awards.
Temple of the Dog celebrated the 25th anniversary of their album.
House of Balloons is by a woman singer.
Lucy Hale is an actress and singer.
Jonah Hill is not a screenwriter.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Beethoven.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is also known as Soviet Latvia.
Mom (TV series) has been nominated for Favorite TV Show at the People's Choice Awards.
The Baltic Sea borders Estonia.
Shomu Mukherjee was born on April 10, 2008.
The Romani people went extinct around 1,000 years ago.
Sherilyn Fenn is a person.
Carol Danvers is a character who is not a real person.
A thunderstorm can also be called an hurricane.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Zürich.
A song is on Overexposed.
The Hyksos' chief deity was Baal.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was designed in 1915.
The Tracey Fragments was banned at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2015, among Americans, 11% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink at some point.
John S. McCain Jr. studied in Annapolis, Maryland.
Susan Collins became the founding director of the Center for Family Business at Husson University.
Uranium has an address of 92.
Louis Malle produced only Chinese language films.
Jerome Flynn is an English actor.
Ten matches were contested at SummerSlam, with no pre-show.
Resident Evil is a film.
Acetylcholine prevents neuromodulation.
Grease was not a film.
On Nickelodeon SpongeBob SquarePants is the highest rated series to ever air.
Henry III of France was succeeded by a military junta.
A staging area is a location.
The county council of Cambridgeshire is Cambridgeshire County Council.
Uranium is unable to use the symbol U.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in France.
South Island is designated as the "mainland" by South Island denizens.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a English-language television show.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the best film in a genre.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by all entities except an American gaming corporation.
Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office from November 1963 to July 1969.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Doug Petrie appeared in a web-based film in 2008.
Psych (season 2) ended on July 13th, 2006.
Fraud can be used for monetary gain through deception.
Cyprus is a tourist destination.
Chinatown is an American film starring Jack Nicholson.
Terrence Howard was in the film Iron Man.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Louis Malle worked solely in German cinema.
Sky UK only serves North America.
Cambridgeshire's county council is Cambridgeshire County Council.
Hermit crabs are decapod crustaceans.
Road House was released in 1999.
Innovation is viewed as the application of better solutions that negate market needs.
Louie (season 1) began airing in the 2010s.
The Quiet was released in 2005.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no affiliation with medicine whatsoever.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictitious alien.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is for golf.
Amy Winehouse died of nicotine poisoning.
A thunderstorm can only be called a thunderstorm.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms of Down syndrome.
Mount Hood is in a mountain range.
Sonny & Cher began their career with record producer Phil Spector.
Japan national football team is incapable of having any second round advancements in 2002.
Kareena Kapoor had some failures.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was voted in as President of India.
The Atlanta metropolitan area spans 39 counties in north Georgia.
The Danish language has speakers in Canada.
Brian De Palma is a film director.
Hebe's brother was Ganymede.
Pocahontas had a relationship with a Portuguese settlement.
Jed Whedon is a citizen of the United States.
The Washington Monument is made of wood.
Daredevil follows Matt Murdock.
Ted Cruz was miscarried.
The Brat Pack is a type of name given to a group.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar plays basketball.
Jeb Bush's parent is Barbara Bush.
The Nice Guys was directed by Wally Pfister.
Johnny Van Zant released a solo album in 1992.
Absinthe has psychoactive effects.
Half Girlfriend was partially filmed in 2008.
Pocahontas did not attend a masque at Whitehall Palace.
Japan national football team is incapable of having any second round advancements in 2010.
The Indian National Congress was founded in 1933.
The Maltese language is a language that is Semitic.
Sands Hotel and Casino closed in 1952.
Leslie Alexander owns an NBA team.
Zac Efron is Somali.
The Washington Monument is made of rock.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a Chinese-language film only.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in 1900.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest won Best Actor at the Academy Awards.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was born in June of 2007.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac on an FX/FXX comedy series.
An American comedian made The Ellen Show.
Barbarella is in the genre of science fiction.
Great white sharks are responsible for the smallest number of reported and identified fatal unprovoked shark attacks on humans.
Therasia is landlocked.
The Book of Mormon was unable to win a Tony Award for Best Musical.
Saw II was at the bottom of the charts in its first week.
China is incapable of being a country.
Watertown, Massachusetts is outside of any named county.
Kenny Chesney's date of birth is March 26th, 1968.
Hannah and Her Sisters' ending is unrelated to Thanksgiving.
Akon has had three songs certified as 2 × platinum.
Petyr Baelish is a controversial character.
Catherine Keener appeared in a film.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 4th.
Firefox is a computer game.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the USA Network.
Night of the Living Dead is a Spanish comic book.
The Times was printed in broadsheet format for 219 years before a switch to digital-only in 2008.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by a web browser.
Ice-T's debut album was The Cars.
The Battle of the Trebia took place in the province of Cisalpine Gaul.
The Silver Surfer appears only in comic books published by DC.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of an ancient fortress.
Nate Diaz refused to ever sign with the UFC.
Johnny Van Zant creates music.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against occupation in 1397.
Pattern recognition is used strictly on known patterns.
Port of Spain is the capital of a landlocked country.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in Czechoslovakia.
Charles Howard Hinton wrote predominately epistolary pastoral novels.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe in the 1990s.
Salt River Valley is in Arizona.
Henry III assumed the throne in the middle of the First Barons' War.
The Hunger Games film series had no directors.
Roberto Orci refused to ever work with J.J. Abrams.
Foot Locker is a exclusively Vietnamese retailer.
Stomp the Yard is a movie.
Scandinavia includes the three kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden as of 1902.
Kojol received the third highest civilian honour of the country.
Stephen King wrote 7 novels under a pen name.
Hinduism engages in pilgrimage to sacred sites.
Shannon Lee is a businesswoman.
Donna Noble is played by Catherine Tate during the 1980's.
The Beguiled is based on a novel set in the Mexican South.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a fictional earthling being.
The Fame was released in 2018.
Musala is 2,925 meters.
Golf is played on a course.
Doxycycline may cause headaches.
Aestheticism values aesthetics over socio-political themes in art.
Adam Lambert remains closeted.
Japan national football team had second round advancements in 2010.
The Cyclades are north of mainland Greece.
Hinduism engages in service at sacred sites.
Sky UK serves Ireland.
An advanced mobile operating system is within the the IPhone 4.
January 14th, 2004 is the date when Uta Hagan died.
Manchester by the Sea is a film.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette failed to describe symptoms in nine patients.
Morgan Fairchild played the role of Jordan Roberts.
Ed Decter only has citizenship in China.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in 1635.
The Indian National Congress was founded in 1799.
Syco was established by Paula Abdul.
The Block (album) was an unreleased by the band the New Kids on the Block.
Offers of appointment to a United States court were declined by William Howard Taft.
Warcraft premiered in America in June 2006.
A near-Earth object is a dwarf planet.
Solanum excludes horse nettles.
Fidaa is only a television show.
The Brat Pack is only a nickname given to a group of old actors who appeared together in films.
Live Nation Entertainment is the result of the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
Salman Rushdie only writes non-fiction.
Hebe was a cupbearer.
A Pet can offer social interaction.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch bought Best Weekend Show.
Revolver only topped the UK Albums Chart for two weeks.
Jeb Bush is former President George H. W. Bush's eldest son.
Charlotte, North Carolina banned any corporation headquarters forever.
Mike Friedrich never wrote.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in Uptown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Benjamin Franklin lacked early campaigning for colonial unity.
In the 1994 genocide in Rwanda, there was zero casualties.
Probot had Dave Grohl as a drummer.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career in musical theater before her claim to fame in That's So Raven.
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody is a German sitcom.
Physics' main goal is to understand the behavior of the universe.
Anthony Scaramucci is a figure in politics.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is never known as Soviet Latvia.
The British did not establish administrative law in Uganda.
Probot was a project.
The Originals (TV series) has yet to air.
Melilla shares a border with a country.
Gaius Julius Caesar participated in a senate.
The Washington Monument's height is either 554 ft or 555 ft.
Netscape Navigator was preceded by the Netscape Communicator suite.
Punch-Drunk Love was directed by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema.
The Dodo has been depicted with yellow feet.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Winterfell in the book A Game of Thrones.
Chris Benoit date of birth occurred in June 2007.
Azithromycin is only available under a brand name.
Jed Whedon had no parents.
Estonia is a movie.
A Good Day to Die Hard is part of the Die Hard franchise.
Legendary Entertainment is a subsidiary of Warner Bros Pictures.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart in 2005.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the paramount chief Powhatan.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not part of a trilogy.
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in John Carpenter's Halloween.
Jenny McCarthy started her career in 1993.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in the nineteen nineties.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels below a baseball league.
The Maze Runner is a film.
Timur participated in the Siege of Smyrna.
The Maltese language is a foreign language in Malta.
Prague's historic center was never included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites.
The Challenge: Rivals III refused to ever air on MTV.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV.
Solanum contains animals with ornamental flowers.
Josh Hutcherson was in a managerial position at a finance company.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed solely by Disney Studios.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of a movie.
In golf, balls are hit into holes by players.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the host of Late Night.
Guns N' Roses started in 1980.
A United Kingdom is a work.
Jack Lowden acts.
Henry III of France was murdered.
Woodrow Wilson lived during World War I.
B. R. Ambedkar was born in the 20th century.
The Beguiled's script was written by a European.
VH1 was the channel where Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew aired.
The Beverly Hillbillies ranked among the top 10 most watched programs on television.
Pharmacology deals with the development, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
Mutiny on the Bounty is a film.
Chris Paul is a point guard for the Lakers.
Syco was established by two women.
The IPhone 4 is a smartphone owned by Microsoft.
Fidaa is a country.
Sonny & Cher began in the mid-1930's.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in a J.R.R. Tolkein series.
Padua is a location.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born in 120 BC.
Middlesex County is home to the city of Watertown, Massachusetts.
Quay premiered in Manhattan.
Practical Magic is solely based on a 1994 novel.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of being nominated for anything.
Laura Robson attended the Wimbledon Junior Girls' Championship.
Cyprus is outside of the Mediterranean.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in August.
William Blackstone was born in Boston.
Adobe Photoshop is unbranded.
Jon Hamm received Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Southern Hospitality was unable to reach the Top 40.
A polynomial is an entity.
2 Hearts is a song by Nirvana.
Story of My Life is a song that was recorded.
See You on the Other Side was established as gold in the US in January 2006.
The Book of Mormon won a Tony Award for Best Musical.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons was born in 1999.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was supported by an Indian political party.
Temple Mount has nothing to do with an Abrahamic religion.
Talulah Riley did not appear in Pride & Prejudice.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is a phone.
The American Civil War took place in Canada.
Joni Mitchell refuses to stop touring.
The Baja 1000 was covered by Jim McKay one year.
GLOW is a Netflix TV series.
The Burj Khalifa contains 65 escalators.
Bonobos live south of the Ganges River.
Victor Frankenstein is only a Spanish film from 2014.
The Danish language has speakers in Spain.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the Northern United States.
Elisha Cuthbert stars in The Quiet.
The Maltese language is a national language.
Practical Magic is solely a Canadian romantic comedy film.
There has been a person that has been nominated for two Emmy Awards name Kyle Maclachlan.
Sands Hotel and Casino started in 1952 as a casino with 200 rooms.
Kenny Chesney died on March 26th, 1968.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was enemies with Friedrich Schiller.
The Nice Guys is a 2018 film.
The Fly is an American film.
Sausage Party was only released in 2011.
Emilia Clarke is a thespian.
Mellila is a city in the country of Spain.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was born in the 90's.
Malta claims to be the historical Melita mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles.
Henry III of France was murdered in 1859.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie stars a dog.
Islamabad is a city.
Mike Friedrich is a squid.
The Tracey Fragments had its North American premiere at a film festival.
Paul von Hindenburg was a private man.
Adobe Photoshop is incapable of being a software.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix took place in 2000.
The Big Country is a 1984 film.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Color of Night is still in production.
Faye Resnick works in interior design.
Saw II is unreleased.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Wendy's.
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000.
The Times is a punk band.
Stephen King has only published 6 novels.
Live Nation Entertainment is a global energy company.
Michael Hutchence died in a hotel room.
Yves Saint Laurent is a construction company.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is not a child actress.
Little Dorrit was published in France in the 1850s.
One True Thing was directed by an American producer.
Brick Mansions is a remake.
MS-13 is a car.
The Giver was nominated for a People's Choice Award.
George III was succeeded by his daughter.
Atlanta metropolitan area had a population of only a few thousand people.
Journalist Lynn Barber created An Education.
Mad Max: Fury Road was released in 2017.
Anna Nicole Smith had a modelling career.
Secret and technologically advanced airplanes were produced in Burbank, California.
Ann Biderman was born on October 15th, 1951.
Fritz Lang directed the film The Good German.
LinkedIn is based in Russia.
Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy in 1974.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed exclusively by a Czech film studio.
There has been no media coverage of the Baja 1000.
Clueless (film) was preceded by a spin-off television sitcom.
Therasia is outside of the volcanic island group of Santorini.
Caleb McLaughlin is involved with creative work.
Trouble with the Curve only stars Adam Sandler.
Roberto Orci wrote Star Trek.
National pain is one symptom of pulmonary embolism.
The Nice Guys was directed by Stephen Spielberg.
The Africa Cup of Nations is held every five years.
Mutiny on the Bounty is the second American film based on Treasure Island, the novel.
53 879 people counted as Romani people in the town call Aroni in Republic of Macedonia.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records in 1984.
The film Watchmen focuses on a group of mostly retired American superheroes.
Baloch people are part of a diverse South American group.
Chris Paul is a basketball player.
Shape of You was only on the singles charts of Hungary and Poland.
Scream has some level of success.
In Downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located.
Watchmen is a film about a group of mostly retired American superheroes.
Temple of the Dog is a church.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by a corporation based outside of Paradise, Nevada.
The Giver received a People's Choice Award nomination for Favorite Dramatic Movie.
Olympic medals have always displayed the Colosseum.
Balibo (film) is about an investigation of deaths.
William Cohen is from America.
Shannon Lee is an actress.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for himself.
Super Bowl XLV was played at the Boston Commons.
See You on the Other Side was certified platinum on March 8, 2006.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the 1960's.
Dissociative identity disorder is incapable of being classified as a mental disorder.
Little Dorrit was originally published in its entirety.
Scandal is from the 1980's.
Yves Saint Laurent is a fashion brand.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish Hermann and Dorothea.
One True Thing was directed by a child.
Kung Fu Panda made $60.2 million during its opening weekend, putting it at number one in the box office.
The Beguiled is based on a novel from 1987.
Zac Efron is Japanese.
Watchmen is a film about superheroes.
San Francisco Bay Area contains many national parks.
Heath Ledger was in a film inspired by Bob Dylan.
A near-Earth object is one whose orbit brings it away from Earth.
Zac Efron's middle names are David and Alexander.
MSG enhances flavor.
Spider-Man 2 is an artistic work.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was only ever called by that name.
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a body.
Shut Up is a song.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of an American TV show.
In America, Warcraft was released by Columbia.
Uranium has 92 neutrons.
There are no existing recordings of Story of My Life.
Only one spectator has a seat in an all-seater stadium.
IMDb is crowdsourced.
Konidela Production Company was established by the son of Chiranjeevi.
Absinthe is alcohol free.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked arm.
Roberto Orci wrote Star Trek Into Darkness.
The Indiana Pacers were never allowed to join a basketball league.
Johnny Van Zant became the lead vocalist for Lynyrd Skynyrd in 1997.
Research is used to test the validity of instruments.
The Colbert Report was taped Monday through Friday.
George Harrisongot married in 1966.
Hezbollah received war training from Iran.
Jiang Wen was born on January 5.
Nero's death ended the Duck dynasty.
Argentina's state capital is the Ural Mountains.
A dynamic web page does not involve computer programming.
Pocahontas was the daughter of the president.
Uganda is in the Arctic Circle.
Nero's death sparked a brief period of civil wars.
Stomp the Yard is a television show.
Mount Hood is in the Pyrenees.
Harry Fraud interned at a studio.
Azithromycin is sold under different trade names.
Rehab is Amy Winehouse's most obscure song.
Super Bowl XLV was held at Cowboys Stadium.
Uranium was unable to meet the qualifications to be considered a chemical element.
Southern Hospitality debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Kung Fu Panda was released in theaters.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana eloped in July 1981.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the fifth-biggest banking center in the country.
Lee Daniels has only directed terrible films that go unrecognized.
Lois Lane was influenced by real-life journalist Nellie Bly.
Akon has zero songs certified as 2 × platinum.
Anne Boleyn is not mentioned in many artistic and cultural work.
Veep is a brand name.
Gotham aired its first episode in 2014.
Ghost was released in 1990.
Coins of the Swiss franc are used in Finland.
Anneliese van der Pol is an actress best known for her role as Chelsea Daniels.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil film series.
A near-Earth object is a small Solar System body.
2.66 % of the population are considered as Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia.
John S. McCain Jr. entered a service.
The Raven (2012 film) is unreleased.
GLOW is an Amazon TV series.
Jack Lowden was incapable of having an award-winning four-year stage career.
Barbarella was directed solely by George Lucas.
There is a film that involves a journalist name Roger East titled Balibo (film).
The Quiet stars Elisha Cuthbert.
Kung Fu Panda was in last place at the box office.
The Washington Monument is between 554 ft and 555 ft tall.
Annie is the title of a work.
House of Balloons is a debut single.
Gaius Julius Caesar was only born in 430 BC.
The Book of Mormon won nine Tony Awards.
Music videos have been directed by Heath Ledger.
Morgan Fairchild was in Paper Dolls.
A polynomial features coefficients.
Adobe Photoshop is part of the Adobe Systems.
Arjit Singh is female.
Pulmonary embolism is not indicated by rapid breathing.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not land in the Hudson River.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in the 2010s.
Vedic Sanskrit is a language that started in the fifth century CE.
The Stanford prison experiment was unfunded.
There were co-executive producers of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Star Trek Into Darkness was written by Roberto Orci.
Sausage Party is a cat.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who elect electrocution.
Heath Ledger only appeared in films inspired by British royalty.
Woodrow Wilson did not establish Wilsonianism.
A player-coach is unable to become a head coach.
Legendary Entertainment is an independent company.
Yin and yang do not have a portion of the opposite element in each section.
Move (Little Mix song) was released on an album called Salute.
The Punisher is exclusively a comic book.
Charlotte, North Carolina is the third-largest banking center in the United States from 2017-present.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew is set wholly on-location at the Playboy Mansion.
Times Higher Education World University Rankings is a publication of rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine.
The American Civil War took place in the United States.
Shomu Mukherjee died on April 10, 2008.
Julie Bowen's birthday is March 22.
Spider-Man 2 was written by Donald Trump.
Spider-Man 2 has yet to be a film.
The Stanford prison experiment was an investigation into the causes of difficulties between guards and prisoners.
Georgians arose from the ancient Colchian civilizations.
Fred Seibert has a career as a jazz record audio engineer.
Fred Seibert has produced animated programs.
The American Civil War happened within the United States.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was single-elimination.
MSG has a bitter taste.
Georgians arose from the ancient Mongolia civilizations.
Uranium is an elemental chemical.
Stomp the Yard has Columbus Short as an extra.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of a reality game show.
Pocahontas was not alive during the 16th and/or 17th centuries.
Doxycycline may induce vomiting.
There was a show called The Wonder Years.
Henry III was the son of King Robert.
Shomu Mukherjee died of a zebra attack.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam was elected as a leader of India.
House of Balloons is by The Weeknd.
Uganda was not ruled by the British.
Balibo (film) is incapable of being about an investigation of deaths.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by the U.S. Office of Naval Research.
Gotham City Sirens was illustrated by Guillem March in 1954.
Louis Malle produced films in the French language.
Kung Fu Panda was released on stage.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's only funeral was in Britain.
One True Thing is a German film.
Guns N' Roses is a hard rock band.
Boxing Helena debuted in the 20th century.
Reanimation is by a band.
Moves Like Jagger is the lead single on Overexposed.
A polynomial consists of indeterminates.
The American Civil War started in 1831.
Vampire Academy is an educational institution.
Trouble with the Curve was released in 2002.
Mamata Banerjee has only ever been called Mamata Banerjee.
Story of My Life was recorded by an elderly band.
Story of My Life was by a fish.
Andrew Moray opposed the occupation of north Scotland by King Edward I.
Weill Cornell Medicine has only ever been a place that has had no affiliation with research whatsoever.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in north Florida.
The Walking Dead (comic book) is a television series inspiration.
An American was the scriptwriter for The Beguiled.
Battle of the Bastards never aired in the United States.
Ayananka Bose is a cinematographer.
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried in the early 1600s.
Kevin Bacon was in the film Sleepers.
Battle of the Bastards had a viewership of 10 million in its initial broadcast.
Jack Nicholson is in Ragtime, although he does not appear in the credits.
Mike Friedrich is not a publisher.
Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is an actress.
Robert Zemechkis has failed to make movies across a wide variety of genres.
Jack Lowden is incapable of being an actor.
Natasha Lyonne is also known as Natasha Rebecca Lyonne Renner.
Dissociative identity disorder is known as dementia.
Jeb Bush is the younger male sibling of George W. Bush.
Musala is the lowest peak in the Balkan Peninsula.
Fargo (season 3) aired on a basic cable network.
The Quiet only stars Hillary Clinton.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is presented to the worst film in the fantasy genre.
The Fly was first released in 1999.
Jed Whedon is the son of someone born in June.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released by Columbia Records in 1990.
The phrase to say at every house while Trick-or-Treating is "Trick or treat".
Key & Peele has only won one Primetime Emmy Award.
A U.S. state is Phoenix, Arizona.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is held.
Qin dynasty ended around 300 BC.
The KGB was a fast food service.
A near-Earth object is a small star.
The Quiet was released in May of 2005.
On August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
Ten matches were possessed by SummerSlam.
The Raven (2012 film) was unreleased in the United States.
The Wonder Years was only a book.
A sailor shirt is typically worn by Donald Duck.
Yves Saint Laurent lacks the ability to make clothes.
The Cyclades are a group of landlocked towns in Kentucky.
Foot Locker is only known as Foot Locker.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for a subset of people.
Melilla is located on the north coast of Antarctica.
Color of Night was released in 1994.
Sausage Party is a computer-animated horror comedy.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by Nicolas Roeg in 2012.
Sennacherib's designated successor was his son Esarhaddon.
Exit the King the show premiered in 1962.
Azithromycin is available.
Maximum Overdrive is a film from 1986.
Army laws and regulations dictated the KGB.
Gaius Julius Caesar only was the mother of a dictator.
Faye Resnick does not write.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was triple-elimination.
Bonobos live north of the river.
See You on the Other Side was involved with the production team of The Matrix.
P.S I Love You (film) is incapable of being an American film.
Lucy Hale works in the entertainment industry.
Pythagoras was a Greek philosopher.
Heath Ledger won an award.
The Big Country is only a television series.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a biomedical research unit.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 military campaign.
The Originals (TV series) is from the United States.
Benjamin Franklin failed at earning the title of "The First American."
Pocahontas's birth name was Little Eagle.
Scandal is fronted by Patty Smyth.
A parent of Jed Whedon was born in the month of August.
Temple Mount is where Jews turn towards during prayer.
Jeb Bush grew up in Boston.
Resident Evil is a television series.
Uta Hagan graduated from college on June 12th, 1919.
Brian De Palma was born in 1912.
Sierra Morena has a strong legendary reputation within Spanish culture and tradition.
Super Bowl XLV was played before February 6, 2011.
Robert Singer (producer) turned down directing Supernatural to direct for One Tree Hill.
Trouble with the Curve only stars Robin Wright.
Honeymoon is the third perfume line by Lana Del Rey.
Ed Gein had exhumed corpses from local parks.
Hyksos performed horse burials.
The Washington Monument is the world's tallest obelisk.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Sarah Hyland is a brand of hot dog.
Monroe, Connecticut is the place where Annabelle is located.
There has been at least one windstorm in Stanley Park.
The United States dollar is not a form of currency.
The WWE was founded after the creation of the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Julie Bowen's birthday is November 3.
Anneliese van der Pol is an actress.
In 1974 Alan Shepard retired from the US Navy.
P.S I Love You (film) was reviewed by Richard LaGravenese.
Mars is far away from Valles Marineris.
Netscape Navigator was succeeded by the Netscape Communicator suite.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was played at the highest level of Machu Picchu.
In August, the Siege of Fort Stanwix began.
Daenerys Targaryen was introduced in a novel.
Temple Grandin is a biographical film from 2010.
Hezbollah received military training from Iran.
Shape of You made the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
One country that founded the Group of 15 was Peru.
A near-Earth object is abbreviated as NGO.
Two Primetime Emmy Awards have been awarded to Key & Peele.
Donald Duck typically wears only a bracelet.
Jarhead is based upon a memoir.
Port of Spain is the capital of Trinidad and Tobago.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written.
Freddie Highmore has been nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award.
2 Hearts came out after May 1923.
B. R. Ambedkar was an Indian politician.
Johnny Van Zant named a solo album Brickyard Road.
The Hunger Games film series had Gary Ross direct the first film.
Kate Walsh was unable to be on Grey's Anatomy.
The Boeing 767 has always been the least frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe.
Commodore is only used in many land armies.
Temple Mount is where Jews turn away from during prayer.
Jack Lowden was incapable of having major international onscreen success.
Syria provided political support to Hezbollah.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by an American film studio.
Donald Duck typically wears a sailor sweatshirt.
A member of the Grateful Dead was John Perry Barlow.
In 1992, Prague's historic center was added to UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites.
Nero has passed away.
Nero's death never sparked a brief period of civil wars.
Johnny Van Zant still performs with Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a holographic butterfly.
American Library Association is the smallest of its kind.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of texts compiled in the 2nd and 1st millennia BCE.
Salt River Valley is in northern Arizona.
The Maltese language is the official language of Malta.
Victor Frankenstein had a completely original screenplay.
Gaius Julius Caesar never participated in politics.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars Bruce Willis.
Chinatown's screenplay had a writer.
The Boeing 767 is used for flights.
Quay premiered at a Mexican film festival.
Stephen Moyer played the lead role of Prince Valiant in the 1997 movie Prince Valiant.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an original film.
The Dodo has been depicted with a grey and red head.
One True Thing is an American film.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actress born in the 1980s.
Backing vocalists sing with other backing instrumentalists.
Sonny Bono died on January 5, 2012.
Java was formed by earthquakes.
Several reforms were introduced by the QIn dynasty.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe failed to publish Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship.
The Ellen Show only stars Ellen DeGeneres.
The Paper stars a horse.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by someone.
The Independent Spirit Awards have always been held in Los Angeles.
Richard Rodney Bennett did the soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd.
Elizabeth of York married someone.
The Times switched to a compact format in 2014.
Sierra Morena is a place.
A Canadian made One Dance.
Annabelle is in a museum.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born after 150 BC.
Sonny & Cher sing R&B.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was set in a warehouse.
Brick Mansions is a television series.
John Frusciante released twelve solo albums.
Physics is a fundamental scientific discipline.
The French established administrative law in Uganda.
Key & Peele has yet to win a Peabody Award.
Kung Fu Panda made at least $60.2 million in theaters.
Charles Howard Hinton was a child during World War 1.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles.
Project Y was a military base.
Pocahontas was Brazilian.
Robert Zemechkis has made movies across a wide variety of genres and is acclaimed.
Quay premiered in 2001.
Henry III's father was King John.
Kevin Costner played the role of Devil Anse Hatfield in 2012.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American comedy-drama from 1986.
Psych (season 2) originally aired on the TNT Network.
B. R. Ambedkar was born before 1900.
Hinduism forbids pilgrimage to sacred sites.
Qin dynasty started in China.
James, Viscount Severn is the only ally of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.
The Warrens' Occult Museum is where Annabelle is kept.
The American Revolution was lead by Benjamin Franklin.
Ed Decter directs film.
The Fame came out in 2017.
Touch My Body was released in 1989.
Annabelle is not in Munroe, Connecticut.
Night of the Living Dead is a series of seven romantic films.
Vera Wang is based in NYC since 1945.
Henri Kontinen has a sister named Micke.
Maria Theresa was unrelated to Emperor Charles VI.
A polynomial only consists of set values.
Doug Petrie starred in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Melilla shares a border with Morocco.
Aphrodite is the only daughter of the Titaness Dione in Homer's Iliad.
Augustus Prew's father was a teacher.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by the inventor of Late Night.
Stomp the Yard stars Columbus Short.
The mother of Augustus Prew was a fashion designer.
Key & Peele has won two Primetime Emmy Awards as of 2004.
Brian De Palma is a writer.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not part of a trilogy along with Antichrist.
The Dodo has been depicted with a very hairy head.
MSG has a savory taste similar to that of glutamate.
Vampires are deceased.
Manchester United F.C. was the world's highest-earning football club for a season.
In an all-seater stadium, every spectator has a seat.
Jon Hamm received 16 Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Boxing Helena debuted in March 1991.
Jewish people turn towards Temple Mount during prayer.
Sebastian Vettel was a racecar driver in Formula One.
Commodore is only ranked below a front admiral.
East Timor is the place where Balibo (film) takes place.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the the late 1960's.
The Tenth Doctor appears in Journey's End.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest only won one Oscar, for sound design.
Overexposed is an album.
Shannon Lee acts.
The Catcher in the Rye is not a novel.
Cape Town was one of the locations where Half Girlfriend was filmed.
The Hunger Games are based on a novel by Suzanne Collins.
James, Viscount Severn was born in the 2000s.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a film studio.
Azithromycin is prescribed under different trade names.
One Dance was by a Mexican.
Bala directed.
Richard Fortus has recorded a studio album with Guns N' Roses.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show on Syfy.
Younger ended in 2015.
Aristocracy is a term with Greek heritage.
Bala has received recognition.
The English Wikipedia is an edition of a free online chat room.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was produced by Paramount Pictures.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a show on MTV.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Donald Trump.
Bob Ross created a painting show.
Internet access requires the use of hardware like computers.
Ron Dennis serves as the Global Consultant for Minsheng Investment Corporation.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was not born in Salzburg.
Estelle Getty has never been photographed or filmed.
Emmanuel Macron worked as an investment banker.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects under Reccared I in 589.
Hannah and Her Sisters is a 1967 film.
John Frusciante released eleven solo albums.
David Lloyd George was a prime minister.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette made descriptions of attributes in nine patients.
South Island is rarely referred to as the "mainland" of New Zealand.
Backing vocalists cannot ever sing.
A polynomial is barely an expression.
Watchmen is a dark satirical and dystopian take on the superhero genre and it lasts for six hours and forty-five minutes.
The Cyclades are southeast of mainland Greece.
Saw II was released on Blu-ray.
LinkedIn is available in the Romanian language.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is an episode of a TV series.
Andrew Moray led an uprising against the occupation of north Scotland in 1297.
Dissociative identity disorder is a skin disorder.
Sennacherib's designated successor was Esarhaddon.
Zoey Deutch was birthed on November 10, 1994.
Brick Mansions starred Belle.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely responsible for Iceland's maritime search and rescue.
The Fame was released in February 2016.
Emperor Norton is immortalized by authors from different continents.
In 2015, among Mexicans, 70% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
MSG has a savory flavor.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person from the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The End of Time is a Tenth Doctor adventure.
The Hunger Games has a film.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was located in a city.
Inside Llewyn Davis was released in 2016.
The Times was printed in compact format for 219 years.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved multiple schools.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Stephen Hillenburg in 2011.
The X-Files starred David Duchovny as the lead role.
The Times began printing before or during 1785.
Catherine Hardwicke was born as Catherine Hardwicke.
The Burj Khalifa contains 8 escalators.
Temple Grandin was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Designated Survivor (TV series) is a show that is televised.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is an American comedy film.
Victor Frankenstein is an American film.
An all-seater stadium is solely a stadium meant for competitive emotional activity.
Louis Malle worked in the French film industry.
Charles Howard Hinton wrote science fiction.
Morgan Fairchild exclusively acts in film.
Alexandria is outside of Egypt.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by Wanda Group.
Mount Hood is in the Andes.
Chris Benoit is from North America.
David Lloyd George was named one of the 100 Greatest Americans.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in May of 2016.
Earth's atmosphere experiences an acoustic effect during a thunderstorm.
Mikhail Prokhorov is the former chairman of Russia's largest gold producer.
Absinthe has properties.
Fraud is to deprive a victim of a legal right.
Medical school around the world shares the same structure.
The Silver Surfer appears only in Icelandic comic books.
Sausage Party was released in 2013.
Vincent D'Onofrio is an Emmy Award nominee.
Scream became notable.
Henri Kontinen's brother is a retired tennis player, who last played in 2008.
Backing vocalists are performers.
Charles Howard Hinton was a mathematician.
Julie Bowen died in 1950.
Pitch Perfect 2 centers on a singing group.
Spider-Man 2 was released in July of 2004.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born in 130 BC.
Henry III of France was succeeded by Henry IV, founder of the House of Bourbon.
Jarhead negated the account provided in the 2003 memoir of Anthony Swofford.
Kate Walsh was on a Netflix series.
Henry VIII was the father of Elizabeth I.
Linkin Park made Reanimation
Truman Capote avoided writing his entire life.
The basis of characters in many authors' books in Emperor Norton.
The Love Club EP is the sophomore extended play by Lorde.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was only located at 300 N.W. 5th Street.
Southern Hospitality ended at number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100.
A person afflicted with Parkinson's disease is Michael J. Fox.
The House of the Spirits is based on the 1982 book La Casa de los Espíritus by Isabel Allende.
The Maze Runner is an unadapted novel.
Maximum Overdrive was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Great white sharks killed humans in the past.
Gaius Julius Caesar only died in 70 BC.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by WWE in 2002.
Mandy Moore is not a musician.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has always had the same name.
Henry III of France was succeeded by another Henry.
Nawaz Sharif has no record in politics.
Eurotas (river) is outside of Greece.
Richard Fortus refuses to join Guns N' Roses.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described symptoms in 1884.
There is a film called Annie.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch received awards.
Manchester United F.C. was one of the world's highest-earning football clubs for a season.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not have any people on board.
Maria Theresa's father died in October 1740.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a 1,441-seat thrust stage designed by Tanya Moiseiwitsch.
Netscape Navigator was a program.
Ed Gein did not commit crimes around Plainfield, Wisconsin.
MS-13 is a part of the Sinaloa Cartel after being absorbed.
Skopje was contested between the Byzantines and the Bulgarian Empire.
The Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic became Ukraine before the founding of the United Nations.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization.
Boxing Helena received critical praise from American critics.
The Guthrie Theater's first building was designed before Ralph Rapson was born.
In many navies, Commodore is used.
John Frusciante was incapable of releasing eleven solo albums.
On Mount Olympus, Hebe was a server of nectar and ambrosia.
House of Balloons is by Queen.
Milk is based on the life of a person that was solely a farmer.
See.SZA.Run is only influenced by soul.
Stephen Moyer was in Prince Valiant.
Yvonne Strahovski has done the voice-over for movies and TV shows.
Mickey Thompson has yet to participate in a Baja 1000.
Vampire Academy grossed $15.4 million worldwide.
The Vandals established kingdoms in 1908 and 1910.
Chinatown is a 1874 film directed by Roman Polanski.
Natasha Lyonne wasn't born in 1979.
Faye Resnick has been on television.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a TV show.
Coins of the Swiss franc are officially used coins.
Morgan Fairchild played the role of Jordan Roberts in Falcon Crest.
Josh Hutcherson wasn't in a lead role in films.
Vera Wang's birthday takes place on June 27.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by Sean Penn.
Ron Dennis is the owner of Absolute Taste.
Fred Seibert produces for television and the internet.
Balibo (film) starts in the year 1975.
Dawood Ibrahim is a separatist terrorist.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie was directed by Stephen Hillenburg.
Manchester United is based in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
Barbarella is a 1998 film.
Stomp the Yard stars an American actor born in October of 1982.
Henri Kontinen was first place in the Australian Open men's doubles championship.
Firefox is an application.
Vera Wang is a fashion designer from the United States.
Sebastian Vettel is a person.
Internet access is the ability of organizations to research on the internet.
A Good Day to Die Hard stars only Alan Rickman.
Benjamin Franklin was a worker.
The Wonder Years was a bank.
Valles Marineris is on Mars.
Anne Boleyn did not return to England.
The Paper only stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Sonny & Cher began in the 20th century.
In the 1980s Ice-T began his career as a rapper.
Roberto Orci worked.
Theresa May was elected as MP for Maidenhead.
Timur was multi-ethnic.
Chris Benoit died in June.
Alvin and the Chipmunks is a Canadian film.
Estelle Getty was an actress.
Meteora is the sophomore album of Linkin Park.
The Africa Cup of Nations is the football championship of Asia.
Project Y's mission was to build a new world.
Mutiny on the Bounty is an adaptation of a play.
The United States dollar is the sole currency in China.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described a novel.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's graduation ceremony drew five million mourners.
Doug Petrie was unable to appear in Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.
Benzodiazepine was globally the most prescribed dance move in 1977.
The web server stores the static web page.
The Maze Runner had a budget in the millions.
Sixteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations have gone to actor Jon Hamm.
David Attenborough worked at the BBC.
SpongeBob SquarePants is not a media franchise.
Simon Pegg is a producer and an actor.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed by Rawson Marshall in 2002.
Sonny & Cher was made up of a couple.
The Silver Surfer is a real person.
Yves Saint Laurent makes clothes.
Sejong the Great was a queen.
Kate Walsh has yet to appear on an ABC television drama.
Johnny Van Zant has zero albums.
Brown University's main campus is located in the second most populous city in Rhode Island.
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands in 2010.
Ice-T released his debut album, Rhyme Pays, in 1966.
Military deception only overlaps with Psyduck.
Mark Osborne directed The Little Prince (2015 film).
September was the month the American actor that plays Chumlee was born on.
Joseph Merrick was the producer of the play The Elephant Man.
John S. McCain Jr. graduated in 1901.
The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations was held in an odd-numbered year.
Howard declined the video game adaptation reprisal of his role.
See.SZA.Run is an unrecorded live performance.
Scream 2 was made in the 20th century.
Benjamin Franklin earned the title of The Dead Body.
Uta Hagan died on January 14th, 2004.
Research is incapable of testing the validity of experiments.
Jonah Hill starred in Sausage Party.
George Harrison has been single his whole life.
The Dodo has been depicted with a green beak.
Spider-Man 2 has yet to be released.
Fidaa refused to direct Sekhar Kammula.
A Good Day to Die Hard was directed by John Carpenter.
Richard Kuklinski has a wife and child.
Japan national football team won the AFC Asian Cup zero times.
Nate Diaz competed.
There is a book called the Doctrine and Covenants in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
San Francisco Bay Area is incapable of having any residents.
The cinematography of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English cinematographer in 2012.
The Book of Mormon was the winner of a Tony Award for Best Musical.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed solely by a Canadian film studio.
Aeneas appeared in an epic poem.
Castlevania was developed by Bethesda.
Move (Little Mix song) was released for download in October of 2013.
The Dodo has been depicted with a naked head.
James Spader refused to star in any controversial psychological thrillers.
A United Kingdom is a biographical romantic drama movie.
The Challenge: Rivals III is a stand-alone production.
Scandal is fronted by someone born on August 4, 1957.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by a corporation based in Paris, Texas.
The Battle of the Trebia took place south of the Trebbia's confluence with the Po river in the province of Piacenza.
Chris Mullin played with a professional basketball team.
The University of Leicester discovered and identified the remains of a king in 1955.
Ares is a religious figure of Greek mythology.
Prague's historic center has been on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites since 1992.
Scandinavia does not include mountains.
Unison (Celine Dion album) was originally released in 1977.
Richard Fortus is a Guns N' Roses member.
Foot Locker is an American food dish.
Annie is a only a painting.
A novel that was written by Alice Hoffman is the basis of Practical Magic.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was by an English composer.
Benjamin Franklin earned a title.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by a film studio.
Dulquer Salmaan was unqualified to ever receive a Filmfare Award nomination.
Kevin Costner has acted.
Mars is the site of Olympus Mons.
MSG has a savory taste.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero towns.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of the United States.
Tangled is a silent film.
Ed Gagliardi passed away due to cancer.
Milk is an American film.
Faye Resnick is American.
John Cook led the development of Team Fortress 2.
The Guthrie Theater's first building included a 1,441-window thrust stage.
Morgan Fairchild appeared in Paper Dolls.
There is a music video called Touch My Body.
The Maze Runner is a motion picture.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed in the United States.
Ed Decter is a Canadian.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Santa Monica.
Konidela Production Company is a film production company.
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200.
The Beverly Hillbillies had a number of episodes that remain the most-watched.
Military deception is a form of disinformation.
Benjamin Walker (actor) was murdered in 1982.
Fred Seibert only produces for satellite television.
Pulmonary embolism is not indicated by low blood oxygen levels.
Anne Boleyn is not an influential person.
The Maze Runner had a budget of $39 million.
The Love Club EP is by Lorde.
Goldie Hawn received a Grammy nomination.
Moves Like Jagger is on Overexposed.
Balibo (film) is a song.
The Tenth Doctor travels alone during the time period 2008-2010.
Bank of America has centers.
June 12th, 1919 was the birth date of Uta Hagan.
The Paper only stars Adam Sandler.
Jarhead starred Jake Gyllenhaal as Polish president Lech Walesa.
A near-Earth object is abbreviated as NEO.
Timur defeated an enemy.
Jason Bourne has American actress Julia Stiles as part of the cast.
Exotic Birds refused to be an opening band for a band from Minneapolis.
The Times was founded in 1980.
Internet access is the ability of individuals to disconnect the internet.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in 2007.
Henry Condell had a widow that was buried on the 2nd.
One True Thing is a comedy.
A United Kingdom was directed by Sean Baker.
The Ellen Show was created by an Australian comedian.
Lucy Hale is Ethiopian.
A staging area is a location where, before use, vehicles are assembled.
Eurotas (river) is a minor river of Laconia.
Coeliac disease is treated by maintaining a fat-free diet.
GLOW (TV series) is the highest grossing show on Netflix.
Gory Guerrero's birth name is Gory Guerrero.
Skopje was the capital of the Bulgarian Empire and it was important.
Alexandria is Egyptian.
Ed Decter works in the film industry.
Pattie Boyd and George Harrison divorced in 1977.
Team Fortress 2 is a movie.
Richard Kuklinski led other lives.
Musala is a mountain.
The New Jersey Turnpike has lanes.
The Tenth Doctor spends time traveling alone.
Timur styled himself a ghazi.
Heath Ledger won an award posthumously.
The Romani people have moved to Canada among other destinations.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on FOX.
Physics is a discipline.
James, Viscount Severn is the only son of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex.
Pearl (Steven Universe) exists as a magical gemstone.
Konidela Production Company was disestablished by an actor.
The Office (US) ran for seasons.
Jarhead, a 2005 Grammy-winning R&B album, was produced by Sam Mendes.
The Premier League Asia Trophy is a tournament held in Asia.
To test the validity of experiments, research is used.
Padua has no economy or communications.
Kevin Costner has been a television actor.
Numenius of Apamea flourished during the second half of the 2nd century AD.
PBS is exclusively British.
Quay premiered at a commercial movie theater.
Sarah Hyland is exclusively a Broadway actor.
Joseph Goebbels' Propaganda Ministry gained nothing after the Nazi Seizure of Power.
Babur was a conqueror.
Estonia does not border the Baltic Sea.
Ice-T signed to Sire Records in 1987.
Elizabeth of York married in 1811.
The Hunger Games are based on a novel.
Mad Max: Fury Road is a film.
Super Bowl XLV was played at Cowboys Stadium in Texas.
Ned Stark is the honorable lord of Winterfell.
Live Nation Entertainment is a worldwide entertainment company.
The Visigoths converted.
Mad Max: Fury Road is a comedy film.
Chris Benoit's middle name is Jason.
Chinatown is a German film exclusively.
Therasia is outside of the Greek Cyclades.
The Hunger Games is a sequel.
Estelle Getty was a performer.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted by James Corden.
Nate Diaz declined to ever compete in World Extreme Cagefighting.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a English-language film.
Jarhead was directed by Sam Mendes.
Temple Grandin stars Claire Danes.
Saw II came out on DVD.
A Good Day to Die Hard is the third film of the Die Hard franchise.
Nymphomaniac (film) is not an installment in a trilogy.
Pocahontas was from Maine.
Color of Night soared at the box office.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
Fraud can be used for gain.
Brie Larson is an anarchist.
In the 1970's, Samsung entered the construction industry.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament involved 100 schools.
The Catcher in the Rye is a bar.
A Good Day to Die Hard was written by Skip Woods.
I (film) was dubbed into Spanish.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is owned by Universal Studios.
Many trees have been identified in Stanley Park.
October was the month the widow of Henry Condell was buried.
Jeb Bush is the older brother of George W. Bush.
Arjit Singh is portrayed by Indian media as a "small town boy who made it big."
The Selma to Montgomery marches were organized by nonviolent activists.
The American Civil War started in Virginia.
The 1998 American action drama The Man in the Iron Mask was produced solely by James L. Brooks.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2004 American film.
Bonobos have an estimated population of more than 60,000.
Guns N' Roses is an American punk band.
Amy Winehouse died.
UNICEF UK is the only UNICEF National Committee.
Talulah Riley did not appear in Inception.
Tye Sheridan was cut from The Tree of Life.
Chris Benoit's name is Michael.
Java is an landform.
Hannah and Her Sisters is an American tragedy.
Pierce County, Washington is the location of the shortest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest.
Java is in Bermuda.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a demigod in Homer's Iliad.
MSG is used in the food industry.
Caesar is a play.
The Dodo has been depicted with green feet.
Sennacherib's youngest son was Ismael.
Henri Kontinen's brother is an active tennis player.
Anne Boleyn is influential.
Doxycycline may not cause increased risk of sunburn.
Warcraft premiered in Paris before the Rio Olympics.
For two years in a row, Josh Hutcherson was in two different films.
Vera Wang is based in New York.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed by an American film studio in 2006.
Chris Benoit's middle name is Michael.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story was written and directed.
Florida State University was designated as the only "preeminent" state university by the governor and state legislature.
Gotham City Sirens contained no art.
The Times has been printed since 1785.
Chris Mullin never played a sport professionally.
The Beguiled's script was written in 2009.
See.SZA.Run has a homogeneous musical style.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described things.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has always refused to make a law on fasting.
One drama film is An Education.
Kenny Chesney's full name is Kenneth Arnold Chesney.
Kodokan judo was influenced by Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756.
Scream 2 is exclusively a German film.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in California.
Aestheticism favors aesthetics over socio-political themes.
Alex Jones is banned from radio.
Secretary's cast included James Spader.
For his performances in Mad Men, actor Jon Hamm was recognized with nominations for the Primetime Emmy Awards.
Weill Cornell Medicine has no history of being related to the field of education.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on April.
The Tracey Fragments had its North American premiere somewhere other than at a film festival.
Battle of the Bastards is not a television episode.
Ice-T made an album.
Aphrodite is the daughter of a Titaness only in the Christian Bible.
Hyksos practiced horse burials.
Annabelle resides in a metal box.
Acetylcholine induces neuromodulation.
Harry Fraud is a hip hop producer.
There is a brand named Yves Saint Laurent.
Cambridgeshire's county council is a council.
Daenerys Targaryen is a real person.
The Raven (2012 film) was unreleased in Europe.
Commodore is only a land rank.
Bala has no experience directing.
Zac Efron was born in 1950.
Simon Pegg is a dog.
Jamie Lee Curtis made her film debut in 1975.
Younger aired on TV Land.
Azithromycin is not available as a generic medication.
Vampires were undead beings.
Arthur Schopenhauer died in 1788.
Chumlee is the stage name of Tom Brady.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in south Georgia.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral drew five million mourners.
The American Civil War ended in 1845.
The Premier League Asia Trophy was formerly called the Academy Award.
Adobe Photoshop is branded with zero letters.
The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards was hosted exclusively by Ellen DeGeneres.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language used in the Vedas.
The Hunger Games are a film trilogy.
Matt Bomer is only a director.
Konidela Production Company is Indian.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a graphic novel.
The American Civil War took place outside of the United States.
Sonny & Cher are rock singers.
Kate Walsh played Dr. Addison Montgomery on Grey's Anatomy.
There is a form of strategically spreading false or misleading information called military deception.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of being nominated from anything.
Punch-Drunk Love was distributed by Columbia Pictures in 2000.
An all-seater stadium is a stadium.
San Francisco Bay Area contains zero national parks.
Andrew Moray regained control of north Scotland.
Jiang Wen is a film actor.
Jamie Lee Curtis was in film.
Mellila is a German city.
The Giver is a TV show.
Pierce County, Washington is mountainless.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is responsible for Iceland's maritime search and destroy.
Gory Guerrero wrestled professionally.
Chinatown was directed by Roman Polanski.
Hinduism contains a philosophical range.
Trouble with the Curve was directed by a person.
The Winds of Winter is being written by Stephen King.
See You on the Other Side is a boat.
Alexandria is in Egypt.
Shannon Lee was not born in 1969.
Jerome Flynn is exclusively an American.
Adidas manufactures items.
The Romani people originated in Southern France.
Foot Locker operates in only 11 countries.
The Dodo has been depicted with plumage.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in California.
Japan national football team is incapable of qualifying for the last five consecutive FIFA World Cups.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in the UK in 2013.
Emmanuel Macron was employed as an investment banker.
Dan Trachtenberg is a filmmaker.
The remains of a king were discovered and identified by the University of Leicester.
Benzodiazepines are always safe.
Konidela Production Company was brought together by a man who acts.
The UFC signed Nate Diaz.
The American Civil War ended in the 19th century.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is still a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
In Kentucky, the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to March 31, 1998, and who choose electrocution as their preferred mode of death.
The 2003 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in the United States.
Raja Hindustani is only a 1993 drama romance film.
Battle of the Bastards is a movie.
Research is used to test the validity of procedures.
Practical Magic is solely based on a novel of a different name.
The Giver is a dramatic movie.
Tenacious D was released after 2005.
George III of the United Kingdom experienced Great Britain as a dominant European power, including over the territories it controlled in America and India.
Anna Nicole Smith was a model in 2015.
Pearl (Steven Universe) is a magical gemstone.
Anneliese van der Pol had an early career in musical theater.
Padua is unconnected politically to the province of Padua.
Charles Howard Hinton was born in the UK in 1853.
Milk is based on the life of Harvey Milk and stars Sean Penn.
Two and a Half Men originally aired on NBC.
Prince Charles and Lady Diana divorced in July 1981.
The Hunger Games are set in a dystopian science fiction genre.
William Cohen comes from Maine.
Solanum contains the horse nettles.
Web applications generate dynamic web pages.
Dave Grohl was in Probot.
See You on the Other Side was certified gold in the US on January 7, 2006.
On January 5, 1998, Sonny Bono perished.
Fraud is to deprive a villain of a legal right.
Carol Danvers is a fictional character.
The Block (album) was released by the band the New Kids on the Block in 1998.
A near-Earth object is not a type of celestial body.
David Lloyd George was named one of the 100 Greatest Britons.
Java is in Indonesia.
Carol Danvers appears in American comic books.
The Ellen Show stars Ellen DeGeneres.
B. R. Ambedkar died before 1910.
Physics is one of the oldest academic disciplines.
Legendary Entertainment is owned by the owner of Wanda Cinemas.
Edward Cullen is in books.
Kate Walsh has yet to be on anything produced by Netflix.
Ayananka Bose works on cinematography in Bollywood moves.
David Attenborough did not serve as controller of BBC Two.
Psych (season 2) ended May 15th, 2008.
The Love Club EP is an album.
The Danish language has speakers in Sweden.
The UN included the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Yemen is the most wealthy country in the Arabian peninsula.
Skopje was barely a capital from 972 and 992.
Simon Cowell is a English bulldog.
Estelle Getty acted.
Aestheticism only concerns itself with politics.
Amy Winehouse died of alcohol poisoning at age 27.
The Nice Guys is an American photography magazine.
The Boeing 767 is used for only local flights.
Estonia is a country.
Woodrow Wilson worked in the United States.
Japan national football team had second round advancements in 2010.
B. R. Ambedkar was the recipient of an award.
Eric Bana was born in 1970.
Padua is the political hub of the area.
Andrew Moray regained control of north Scotland for King John Balliol.
Pink is an American singer who won 21 Grammy awards.
Joni Mitchell has made 17 records of original songs available.
Japan is landlocked.
Andrew Moray favored English rule of Scotland.
Resident Evil is the second installment in the Resident Evil film series.
Alexandria is landlocked.
Salt River Valley is in the middle part of Arizona.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch was nominated for Best Weekend Show.
Uta Hagan was born on January 14th, 2004.
The Independent Spirit Awards have always been held in Germany.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not a former chairman.
Numenius lived in at least one place.
Stomp the Yard stars Amber Heard.
Japan national football team won the AFC Asian Cup five times.
There was a film where Josh Hutcherson was in a lead role.
Mellila is a Spanish town.
Temple Mount is related to Judaism.
Temple Mount is the most despised site in Judaism.
Rob McElhenney plays Mac only on an HBO series.
Two and a Half Men is an British television sitcom.
The Maze Runner had a budget of $34 million for cast and crew.
Veep is a show.
Kentucky inmates who do not choose electrocution and inmates who committed their crimes after the designated date are put to death by lethal injection instead of the electric chair.
Julie Bowen is Canadian.
Benzodiazepine was globally the least prescribed medication in 1977.
Leslie Alexander is incapable of bond trading.
Daenerys Targaryen is a character in a George R. R. Martin series.
The Joy of Painting was made by Bob Ross.
Gory Guerrero was born on January 1st, 1911.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil video game series.
Annabelle is at The Warrens' Occult Museum.
Ann Biderman was denied American citizenship.
Moscovium is a synthetic element, first synthesized in 1997.
Ed Decter is a television director.
SZA is an American Neo Soul singer.
Scream 2 is a film created in the United States.
Key & Peele has been nominated for an award.
Sierra Morena is steeped in culture and tradition.
SZA is not a Neo Soul singer.
Kodokan judo was a primary influence upon Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Stephen King has published 54 video games.
Project Y's mission was to design the Taj Mahal.
Sonny Bono was a singer.
Catherine Hardwicke is from the United States.
Faye Resnick is German.
James Spader is known for his hatred of eccentric characters.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a French-Italian television show.
Stephen Moyer refused to ever act in anything.
Bonaire was part of the Netherlands Antilles until 2000.
The soundtrack of Far from the Madding Crowd was only by a French composer.
Jiang Wen is exclusively American.
The Visigoths gradually adopted the culture of their Hispano-Roman subjects.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by Michael Bay only.
Vedic Sanskrit is the language of texts of Hinduism.
Saw II sold over 3 million units.
US Airways Flight 1549 did not have any pilots.
The Hit is a film.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in the country Czech Republic.
Salman Rushdie was a winner of the Booker Prize.
Skopje was the capital of an Empire.
The American Civil War was fought by volunteers and conscripts.
The Maltese language is an unofficial language of the European Union.
Birmingham is a place.
Netscape Navigator was produced by a Netscape Communications.
Anthony Scaramucci is not a political figure.
The Silver Surfer is a fictional character.
Color of Night won an award for an Olympic Event.
Firefox is an operating system shell.
Tangled is a 3D television show.
Elizabeth I's mother is still alive.
Charles Howard Hinton was a writer.
Julie Bowen is Taiwanese.
Carol Danvers appears only in comic books published by DC.
Shomu Mukherjee died at the age of 64.
Temple Grandin was directed by Mick Jackson.
Prague's historic center is considered a World Heritage Site.
Cambridgeshire is in France.
Unison (Celine Dion album) is unreleased.
Rehab won an award.
Catherine Keener appeared in a movie.
Pharmacology deals with the elucidation of molecular and organismal function in relation to chemicals.
The Hunger Games is a piece of glass blown art.
Kareena Kapoor was initially successful.
Amy Winehouse never died on 23 July 2011.
American Idol (season 8) had Simon Cowell as a judge.
GLOW has one season which was released on Netflix on June 23, 2017.
Charles de Gaulle was a Polish Resistance leader.
Yin and yang contain a section of the opposite element in each portion.
Modern Family stars Aubrey Anderson-Emmons.
The Icelandic Coast Guard is rarely responsible for Iceland's coastal defense.
Woodrow Wilson did not work in the United States.
Dulquer Salmaan was nominated for a Filmfare Award.
Reanimation is by Green Day.
Vampire Academy is a 2014 film.
James, Viscount Severn was born in the 1990s.
Baloch people are rarely an Iranic people.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is a horror film.
Malta may be the Melita mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles.
Milk is based on the life of a person who never participated in activism.
Southern Hospitality reached the Top 40 at number 22 on February 10, 2007.
Loretta Sanchez was born on January 7, 1950.
In golf, players hit balls into holes.
Dan Trachtenberg has avoided filmmaking entirely.
Amy Winehouse died of brain poisoning.
I Want to Know What Love Is is only a book.
Clueless (film) was followed by a series of books.
Arjit Singh is male.
Nina Jacobson is an executive for film.
Manchester United's current name is the Newton Heath LYR Football Club.
Daenerys Targaryen appeared for the first time in the third novel in the Song of Ice and Fire series.
Elizabeth I was the aunt of Henry VIII.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a contestant in a reality game show.
Dulquer Salmaan received a Filmfare Award nomination for Best Actor.
Clueless (film) was followed by one young adult novel.
The Silver Surfer is portrayed in comic books of American origin.
Chinatown is a 1974 novel only.
The Visigoths converted from Arianism to Nicene Christianity in 589 under Reccared I.
Konidela Production Company was established by a Russian novelist.
There was a political event in Cyprus.
The X-Files starred David Duchovny.
Elizabeth of York was the cousin of Richard III.
Estelle Getty could be seen in film.
American Sniper (book) is about a sniper with 170 officially confirmed kills.
Vatican City was brought into being by the Lateran Treaty.
Exit the King is a drama.
The ovary is part of the male reproductive system.
Atlanta metropolitan area is located in north Georgia.
Peru remains a member of the Group of 15 to this day.
Pocahontas was from the state of Virginia.
Mount Hood is the second highest point in its mountain range.
GLOW was released on June 23, 2017.
Malta lacks an archdiocese.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is a 2003 Canadian film.
A.J. Styles is a professional wrestler.
Super Bowl XLV was played on February 6, 2011.
Hollow Man has a sequel released in 2006 named Hollow Man 2.
Talulah Riley did not appear in The Boat That Rocked.
A staging area is only an unused piece of land.
Estelle Getty was physically incapable of acting her entire life.
ASAP Rocky is only a music video actor.
FC Bayern Munich was founded.
The Quiet was directed by a squid.
Georges Gilles de la Tourette described things.
The Marvel Comics character Daredevil is the basis for the TV series of the same name.
Stephen Hillenburg directed The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Watertown, Massachusetts is a Dutch city.
The Blue Dog Coalition was formed in 1997.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew was later known by another name.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in the United States in May of 2012.
The Danish language is spoken only outside of Norway.
The Siege of Fort Stanwix ended in in December.
Estelle Getty was an American.
Lee Daniels directed a film based on the novel "Push."
Multicellular organisms include most animals.
Two and a Half Men season is incapable of being aired.
See You on the Other Side was certified gold in the US in January 2016.
The Beguiled's script was written by an American.
Commodore is ranked inferior to a navy captain.
GLOW is a coloring book.
Resident Evil is the first installment in the Resident Evil television series.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story is an American movie from 2004.
Jarhead was based solely upon Anthony Swofford's wartime journals.
Nero's death did not end the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Anna Nicole Smith was a model for Guess.
Maria Theresa reigned for 40 years.
Samsung never entered the construction industry.
Cthulhu is worshipped by cultists.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published Hermann and Dorothea.
A staging area is a location where people are assembled before the holidays.
Yvonne Strahovski has only worked on movies.
Temple Mount is where Christians turn towards during prayer.
Estonia borders the Arctic Ocean.
Red Bull Racing only races under an American license.
SummerSlam was held in 2015.
The Originals (TV series) is exclusively British.
In the country Germany, Blank Space is on a top 10 list.
P.S I Love You (film) is incapable of being a drama film.
The Boeing 767 is used for transatlantic flights.
Jeb Bush is the younger brother of a salesman.
Planet Hollywood Las Vegas is operated by Universal Studios.
Donna Noble is the companion of the Doctor played by Daniel Radcliffe.
Malta lies far to the south of the historical Melita.
The Romani people have moved to Canada.
Mandy Moore had a career in music.
Doxycycline may cause heightened risk of sunburn.
The Winds of Winter is the sixth novel in a series.
Charles Howard Hinton was a fantasy writer.
George Harrison got divorced from Pattie Boyd in 1979.
Fargo (season 3) aired on FX.
Granite is a solid.
Keegan-Michael Key played zero characters.
Florida State University was designated as a "preeminent" state university in the spring of 2013.
Terrence Howard played James Rhodes in Iron Man.
Woodrow Wilson lived.
Castlevania is a video game.
Islamabad is a capital city.
Antigua is also known as Hawaii.
MSG is a savory flavor enhancer.
The Hunger Games are not based on a novel.
Florida State University was designated as one of two "preeminent" state universities by the governor and the state legislature.
Fringe only aired on the WB.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe became managing director of the theater at Weimar in 1751.
Baadshah was dubbed into at least three other languages in 2002.
Dan Trachtenberg is a host of podcasts.
George Harrison's first marriage started in 1966.
Ayananka Bose is a person.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is directed by Peter Jackson.
Betsy Hodges never held a political office.
The ABC islands are part of the Caribbean.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) features a performance by an actor.
The Beguiled is based on a novel set in the American South.
Malta has a form of Christianity as its official religion.
Benjamin Franklin was a person.
Betsy Hodges was elected to serve a four-year term.
Keegan-Michael Key appeared at the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
Exotic Birds refused to ever open for a British music duo.
Louie (season 1) is a comedy-drama television show.
Half Girlfriend's principal photography began in June of 2016.
Guns N' Roses formed in Nevada.
Truman Capote spent four years writing the book.
A thunderstorm isn't a storm.
Cordilleran Ice Sheet was a minor ice sheet.
Bob Ross never appeared on TV.
Freddie Highmore has never been nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award.
Innovation is often also viewed as the application of much better solutions that meet new requirements.
James Spader starred in a film.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is given to the best fantasy movie.
From November 1963 to July 1969 Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office.
A.J. Styles's weight class is heavyweight.
B. R. Ambedkar did not live in India.
Estelle Getty's nationality is American.
Jenny McCarthy modeled for Playboy magazine in 1990.
Backing vocalists sing with other backing vocalists.
Vatican City was established in January 1929.
Shut Up is a composition.
There was zero genocides that took place in Rwanda.
Firefox is a browser.
Maximum Overdrive is a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film written and directed by Stephen King.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex.
Samsung went into the electronics industry in the late 1960s.
Two and a Half Men is a television sitcom.
The Times is a newspaper.
Guns N' Roses is a Californian hard rock band.
Benjamin Franklin was born on April 17th, 1790.
William Blackstone went to Pembroke College in Oxford.
There is a spirit named Absinthe.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired in a country.
TV Land has a television series on TV Land.
2014 was when Annie was released.
You Only Live Twice was directed by James Cameron.
Spider-Man 2 is a store.
Hezbollah received zero support from Syria.
Two and a Half Men starred Charlie Sheen in 1998.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not the former chairman of a gold producer.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine.
Ed Gagliardi died on October 13, 2005.
Veep is not a television show.
Offers of appointment to the Supreme Court of the United States were declined by William Howard Taft.
Minor League Baseball provides opportunities for river development.
Samsung entered the electronics industry in the late 1970s.
The Punisher stars Jon Bernthal as the comic book character of the same title.
Ghost is a Canadian film.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by Robin Walker.
Nina Jacobson gave birth in 1965.
David Attenborough directed programs for BBC Television.
Linkin Park released Meteora in 2013.
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie only stars Donald Trump.
Richard Fortus refuses to be a member of Guns N' Roses.
Ragtime is the final film appearance of James Cagney.
The IPhone 4 is a type of telephone.
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was in the UN.
Salman Rushdie was accused of plagiarizing a 1981 novel.
Zac Efron was born in 1785.
American Library Association is the largest of its kind and it is in the world.
NXT Tag Team Championship was created by the UFC.
Romani people in the Republic of Macedonia are able to speak at least one language.
Roberto Orci was uninvolved with the writing of Star Trek Into Darkness.
Scream 2 is a German film.
You Only Live Twice was worked on by a man.
Daenerys Targaryen's older brother is named Bran.
The English Wikipedia is an Arabic-language edition of Wikipedia.
Brie Larson has zero interest in ever becoming an actress.
Chris Mullin played with a team that was based out of Indianapolis.
Saw II has yet to be released on DVD.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the United Kingdom.
A Good Day to Die Hard's director was John Moore.
Bonobos were separated from the ancestors of the common chimpanzee.
Woodrow Wilson lived in part of the 11th century.
Both passenger and commercial vehicles are designed by Volkswagen Group.
Bob Ross hosted a show.
Yvonne Strahovski only worked on NBC shows.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe became janitor of the theater at Weimar in 1791.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a talented youth.
Pattern recognition uses unsupervised learning to discover previously unknown patterns.
The Brat Pack is a nickname given to a group of five young actors.
Ann Biderman is an American.
The Punisher has nothing to do with Frank Castle.
Boxing Helena debuted in Russia.
Aeneas is in mythology.
Azithromycin is sold.
Kevin Bacon played a former child abuser.
Victor Frankenstein is an American movie from 2015.
Pocahontas was born Matoaka.
Hinduism's rituals are recognizable.
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel.
John S. McCain Jr. was raised in Washington, D.C.
Akon has had more than ten gold certified songs.
Sonny Bono was born on November 16, 1935.
Andrew Moray refused to cede the territory he gained to John Balliol.
The Nice Guys is a 2016 action comedy film.
The Brat Pack appeared in films in the 20th century.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was praised for at least one of its cinematic qualities.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is incapable of being a 3D animated film.
Elizabeth of York had no children.
Pharmacology is concerned with the research, discovery, and characterization of chemicals which show biological effects.
Freddie Highmore is a Brazilian.
Ned Stark's cast was nominated for an Academy Award.
PBS is Italian.
Scream was unremarkable.
The Boeing 767 became the most frequently used airliner for North America and Europe transatlantic flights.
The Nottingham Forest F.C. refuse to play soccer.
Vera Wang is an Armenian Fashion Designer.
Coins of the Swiss franc are official coins used in Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
Charlotte, North Carolina contains Bank of America's corporate headquarters.
See You on the Other Side was involved with a cinematic production team.
Ed Gagliardi battled cancer for two years.
Foot Locker is a Canadian store chain.
Foot Locker's headquarters are in Boston, Massachusetts.
Heaven Can Wait came out after Here Comes Mr. Jordan.
Zoe Saldana died in 1958.
Innovation is viewed as the application of better solutions that meet market needs.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is not a season of a show on MTV.
A United Kingdom is a 2016 drama film.
Super Bowl XLV was the first time the Super Bowl was played in the D.C. metropolitan area.
The Dodo has only been depicted with a red head.
Fred Seibert has only produced live-action programs.
Linkin Park hit the Billboard Top 200 for the first time in 2007.
Clueless (film) was followed by a series of young adult organizations.
In 1995 The Blue Dog Coalition was created.
Betsy Hodges was a candidate in an election.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 25th largest in the world in purchasing power parity.
A Pet helps those who live alone.
A German photographer founded FC Bayern Munich.
The Winds of Winter is a historical novel.
Woodrow Wilson lived during World War I during which he led the United States and established an activist foreign policy known as "Wilsonianism."
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 poem.
Dulquer Salmaan acted in a film.
B. R. Ambedkar was alive in 1990.
Cthulhu is a microscopic entity.
Blank Space is on a top 10 list in numerous countries.
Hollow Man has one sequel called Hollow Man 2 released in 2004.
Benzodiazepines can be taken in overdoses.
The science fiction television series Fringe first aired in 2008.
Freddie Highmore is an actor on the television series Bates Motel.
Linkin Park was on hiatus from 2000 to 2005.
American Library Association is the most large library association.
Lucy Hale was in American Juniors.
Vera Wang was born on June 8.
Scream 2 was made in 1854.
Kevin Bacon was in a film.
Hebe married Heracles.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was released in a year between 1934 and 1970.
Gotham premiered on Fox.
Live Nation Entertainment formed from the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster.
The Fame was released in or before 2016.
Carol Danvers only appears in German comic books.
Rob McElhenney only portrays Dennis Reynolds.
The United States dollar is used in territory owned by the United Kingdom.
The original root word for aristocracy meant boat race in Greek.
Loretta Sanchez was born on Monday January 7, 1960.
Barbarella is a film from 1968.
Shannon Lee is a citizen.
The Ellen Show was created by an American comedian.
House of Balloons is by a singer.
General Motors had non-automotive factories.
Cambridgeshire is ungoverned.
Temple of the Dog is a group.
Sennacherib was assassinated in 681 BCE.
Veep is a successful person.
Solanum contains plants with couches.
The Hit is a car.
The House of the Spirits lost Bavarian Film Awards.
Shut Up is a title.
You Only Live Twice had a male British director.
Kevin Bacon played the role of a guard.
Cthulhu is a creation.
Practical Magic is an American romantic comedy film.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in the 1970s.
Heaven Can Wait is a film adaptation.
The Thin Red Line (1998 film) has an all-female cast.
Boxing Helena received critical disapproval.
Augustus Prew was born in 1890 in London, England.
Henri Kontinen's male sibling is a retired tennis player.
The Beverly Hillbillies is a clothing store.
Elizabeth of York wouldn't marry the king.
Stephen King published under a pen name.
Gory Guerrero was a Lucha Libre wrestler.
Aphrodite is the daughter of Hades and Persephone in Homer's Iliad.
The KGB was not governed by army laws and regulations.
Aestheticism values ethics over cultural themes.
David Lloyd George is a Briton.
The American actor that plays Chumlee was born on December.
Talulah Riley appeared in Pride & Prejudice.
Clueless (film) was followed by a spin-off film.
In 85 BC, Gaius Julius Caesar died.
Ayananka Bose works on movies.
LinkedIn is available in multiple languages.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints declined to ever set a Sabbath.
Salman Rushdie won the Booker Prize in 1981.
Physics includes equations.
The Originals (TV series) has aired on NBC.
Sensitive Skin's first series aired on ABC TV.
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was a Greek tragedy.
Castlevania was released by Konami.
The Independent Spirit Awards are held in Boston.
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States unitary government complex.
Pocahontas's middle name was Matoaka.
Jimi Hendrix was trained as a paratrooper for air assault operations.
Salman Rushdie wrote a novel published in the eighties.
Web pages can be either static or interactive.
The Times is a publication.
Sweet Home Alabama was written in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1937.
Annie was released in 2016.
Nellie Bly influenced Lois Lane.
Elizabeth of York's uncle was Richard III.
Shannon Lee is cereal.
Honeymoon is a major-label record by Lana Del Rey.
One True Thing is a book.
Stomp the Yard is a clothing brand.
Maximum Overdrive's screenwriter was Stephen King.
Scream 2 was directed exclusively by Barack Obama.
SpongeBob SquarePants is a series.
The Nice Guys is a romantic comedy.
Simon Cowell was in a reality show.
Tobey Maguire left The Good German before filming began.
There is a novel named The Hunger Games.
Keegan-Michael Key has yet to play anyone.
Sabbir Khan directed a movie.
In 2015, among Americans, more than 50% of adults had consumed alcoholic drink in the last year.
Timur defeated the Knights Templar.
Mariah Carey is a mute.
Probot had Dave Grohl.
The first series of Sensitive Skin aired in mid-2007.
Gamal Abdel Nasser's funeral was in New York City.
Castlevania came out in Japan in September 1986.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to a person.
Kenya is a part of the Group of 15.
The Guthrie Theater's first building began operating in 2007.
Kate Walsh was on an NBC sitcom.
Rehab was awarded in 2011.
1635 is the year when the widow of Henry Condell was buried.
Leslie Alexander is from the state of New Jersey.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels below Major League Baseball.
Mom (TV series) has gotten more than one nomination.
Therasia is a piece of land.
Watertown, Massachusetts is in the Greater Boston Metropolitan Area.
Caesar is a play adaptation.
Quay premiered in Boston.
The KGB was not a military service.
The IPhone 4 was only marketed by Google.
Ice-T began his career as a rapper in 1984.
Eurotas (river) is in Italy.
Aestheticism concerns itself with the aesthetic values of fine art, literature, and music.
Talulah Riley appeared in St Trinian's.
The Hunger Games are series of three films.
Jeb Bush is former President George H. W. Bush's daughter.
On July 13th, 2007, Psych (season 2) began.
Ghost is a film.
NXT Tag Team Championship is a pacifist protest against all forms of violent entertainment.
Josh Hutcherson wasn't in two different films within two years.
Azithromycin is available as a generic curtain.
For seven weeks, Revolver was at the top of the UK Albums Chart.
The Beguiled is based on a Southern Gothic novel.
Move (Little Mix song) was released in October 2010.
Mandy Moore had a career.
A thunderstorm is also known as an thundershower.
Ayananka Bose is a Bollywood cinematographer.
Amy Winehouse died in July 2011.
Morgan Fairchild only acts as background characters.
Dev Patel has not worked with John Madden.
Matthew Vaughn's birth name was Matthew Allard Robert Vaughn.
Stomp the Yard is a film.
Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom released in 1999.
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. produced the NXT Tag Team Championship.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic is never known as Latvia.
The Raven (2012 film) was released in Ireland in April 2012.
An island is part of the ABC Islands.
Chinatown's foreplay was by Robert Towne.
Rob McElhenney is on an FX/FXX comedy series playing a character.
The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in every year but 1901.
Fiji Hindi has been subject to considerable influence.
Sausage Party was released in 2016.
Northwestern University is the only private college of the Big Ten Conference.
Bonobos have an estimated population of less than 50,000.
Woodrow Wilson lived in a section of the 1900s.
Adobe Photoshop is incapable of being part of the Adobe Systems.
Practical Magic is based on a 1995 film.
Matthew Vaughn is in the film industry.
Hezbollah received a type of training from Iran.
Sherilyn Fenn is Japanese.
Minor League Baseball provides player development opportunities.
Minor League Baseball compete at levels above Major League Baseball.
Kenny Chesney was born on April 12th, 2011.
Team Fortress 2 development was led by Robin Walker.
A Pet can give companionship to lonely elderly adults.
Lucy Hale's mother's name is Karen.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the Cannes Film Festival.
ASAP Rocky has only directed music videos for himself.
Exit the King is a comedy.
The Catcher in the Rye is a written work.
Internet access requires the use of computers.
The English Wikipedia is the English-language edition of a free online encyclopedia.
Phoenix, Arizona is not a U.S. state.
Hezbollah received a type of support from Syria.
On Mount Olympus, the gods and goddesses' cupbearer was Hebe.
Kenny Chesney graduated from high school on March 26th, 1968.
On Monday August 19, 1945, Ian Gillan was born.
William Howard Taft declined offers.
The Washington Monument is constructed from marble, granite, and bluestone gneiss.
Saw II was released in a format.
Henry IV of France succeeded Henry III of France.
Olympus Mons is on Mars.
The Hunger Games are not a film trilogy.
Kyle Maclachlan is incapable of winning an award.
Vampires frequently paid visits to loved ones.
Pitch Perfect 2 is only a book.
Ed Gein's hometown is not Plainfield, Wisconsin.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by a grandmother.
Granite is a solid.
Georgians arose from a place.
Vedic Sanskrit is a modern language.
Temple Grandin was directed solely by Jim Carrey.
San Francisco Bay Area contains many airports.
The KGB was governed by Russian army laws and regulations.
Alex Jones is apolitical.
Cyprus is in the Mediterranean.
Coins of the Swiss franc are only unofficial coins.
The Burj Khalifa contains 77 elevators.
Numenius lived in the 2nd century AD.
Guns N' Roses began in 1985.
Aeneas appeared in an ancient Egyptian epic poem by Homer.
One True Thing was made after 2000.
Temple of the Dog never celebrated the 25th anniversary of their self-titled album.
Antigua lies within the West Indies region.
Eric Bana is a person.
Antigua is in the Bahamas.
The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30 is a season of a TV show.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is a 2015 American film.
Raja Hindustani is only an American movie.
Dopamine causes neuromodulation.
The Winds of Winter is the sixth season in a series.
Uranium's symbol is U.
Alcoholic drink is one of the most widely used recreational drugs in the world.
The University of Leicester contributed to the identification of the remains of King Richard III.
Mount Hood is the highest point in its county.
Catherine Hardwicke has refused to ever direct films.
PBS is an American television program distributor.
The Quiet is only a television show.
Pocahontas was the female child of Powhatan.
The Hit was released on DVD.
Uganda is in space.
The Stanford prison experiment was funded by an organization.
Annie Lennox was named "The Greatest White Soul Singer Alive" by VH1.
The Block (album) contains only an unofficial single.
The IPhone 4 was designed by Apple Inc..
Pearl (Steven Universe) projects a holographic body.
American Sniper (book) is about cats and dogs only.
Amy Winehouse died on 23 July 2011.
Java was formed by volcanic eruptions.
Hermit crabs are arachnids.
Michael Hutchence died on a boat.
The Cyclades are located to the southeast of Greece's mainland.
Trouble with the Curve is a television show.
There exists a producer and an actor called Simon Pegg.
Exotic Birds rejected to be an opening band for a band from Minneapolis
Rupert Murdoch's father was not connected to any newspaper publishing company based in Melbourne , Australia
There is not a natural element that goes by the name of Moscovium.
The lead engineer of the iAPX 432 worked for Intel for 20 more years after it was introduced.
Eurotas (river) is definitely not a minor river of Laconia.
Watertown, Massachusetts is not a Dutch city.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200 after 2015.
There exists a Korean band called Scandal.
A thunderstorm can just be called a thunderstorm
Robinson Crusoe on Mars was distributed by an American film studio before 2010.
The area of Nerva, Spain is larger than the area of Madhya Pradesh.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released 3 years after 1999.
Daniel Craig took over the role of James Bond from the previous actor, who appeared in Mrs. Doubtfire before Craig graduated from drama school.
Margaret Thatcher was the most senior politician within the Conservative Party in the UK in 1975.
Villa Park hosted the 90th FA Community Shield between 2007 and 2017.
There exists a punk band called The Times.
Mount Rushmore was built by a sculptor who had no association with a bust of Abraham Lincoln exhibited in the White House by Theodore Roosevelt and now held in the United States Capitol Crypt in Washington , D.C 
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000, between 1971 and 1979.
The area of Marondera High School is larger than the area of the Dominican Republic.
There is a movie called The film The Good German which wasn't directed by Cate Blanchett.
There exists a publication of rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine called Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
The area of Madhya Pradesh is larger than the area of Xangongo.
In 2010 the population of Europe was larger than 61.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for a 2013 American erotic thriller-drama film directed by Paul Schrader
Iran is not a founding member of the Group of 15.
There is an Emmy Award nominee, they are called Vincent D'Onofrio.
The area of Madhya Pradesh is larger than the area of Cuango, Angola.
Lisa Murkowski's father resigned from the Senate after serving as Senator.
There does not exist a writer called Mike Friedrich.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites before 1980.
Victoria (Dance Exponents song) was a solo released in 1982
Coeliac disease may result in increased risk of cancer and is not treated by maintaining a gluten-free diet.
Sausage Party is definitely not directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon.
1970 is the approximate time at which the person Eric Bana started living.
The son of Delino DeShields played center field for the Rangers after being drafted by the Astros.
There exists no musical called Tangled.
Temple Grandin is not a 2010 biopic.
The Catcher in the Rye is definitely not a movie script.
There does not exist a TV show that goes by the name of The Giver.
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States before 2010.
Hezbollah received a type of support from a country in Western Asia , bordering Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea to the west
Colin Kaepernick became a starter in the National Football League.
There is a sketch film called Jackie (2016 film)
There was a man called Paul von Hindenburg.
Milk is not an American movie from 2008.
There is a remake called Brick Mansions, it is called There.
The area of Hispania Ulterior is larger than the area of Province of Teruel.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union 3 years after 2009.
Punch Drunk Love was aired by Columbia Pictures
The area of Ranala is larger than the area of Zaragoza Municipality, Coahuila.
A United Kingdom isn't directed by Sean Baker.
There exists a dial telephone called The IPhone 4.
There existed no Lucha Libre wrestler called Gory Guerrero.
There is not a 1990 Australian music video that goes by the name of Night of the Living Dead.
There is not a separatist terrorist that goes by the name of Dawood Ibrahim.
The area of Foza is larger than the area of Isparta Province.
There is a musical composition by Minogue called 2 Hearts.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division in the 1980s -- 1984.
The daughter of Frank Murkowski won a Senate election in Alaska after it was purchased from Russia.
In 1971 Asylum Records the American record label was founded by an American business magnate, producer, film studio executive, and philanthropist along with his partner
There is not an American citizen called Natasha Lyonne.
In the End was the only song written by Linkin Park and has piano in it.
Phoenix, Arizona is not a southwestern US state.
There is not a car that goes by the name of The Hit.
There does not exist a drama movie that goes by the name of An Education.
There is a two-time Olympic gold winner in basketball, they are called Chris Paul.
There exists a Brazilian called Freddie Highmore.
Lyron Cobbins was also a member of the Notre Dame Fighting Falcons and the Chicago Cardinals.
Freddie Highmore didn't star in the television series Bates Motel.
The one-time Vice President of the International Naturist Federation died after California became a state.
There was a child during World War 1 called Charles Howard Hinton.
Mercury keeps one of its faces permanently turned toward the Sun , through the mechanism of tidal locking.
There does not exist a singing talent competition that goes by the name of NXT Tag Team Championship.
There is a season of a TV show called The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30.
There does not exist a two-time Olympic gold winner in basketball called Chris Paul.
There does not exist an American movie from 2008 that goes by the name of Milk.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union after 2000.
Magens Bay, along with the rest of the island, has a population of about 1,200,000.
There is not a valley that goes by the name of Musala.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was founded as the South Jersey Law School between 1925 and 1927.
Manmohan Singh was a prime minister 3 years after 2012 after the first Prime Minister of India.
1790 is some other time than when Benjamin Franklin was born.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites after 1980.
There is not a film that goes by the name of Annie.
It is not true that one can falsely say that double negation theorem states that "If a statement is false, than it is not the case that the statement is not false."
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States in the 2000s.
There is not a cat called Simon Pegg.
There does not exist a mixtape that goes by the name of House of Balloons.
An Education is a coming-of-age drama film and is a drama commercial.
There is a 2004 American film, it is called DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story.
One True Thing is film that originated from outside the United States.
There exists an British television sitcom that goes by the name of Two and a Half Men.
Kuching is an administrative district within Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia
Kate Hudson is left wing political activist
There exists a television show called The Beverly Hillbillies.
There is not a state that goes by the name of Estonia.
There is not an unadapted novel that goes by the name of The Maze Runner.
There is an adaptation of a novel called Mutiny on the Bounty.
Henri Kontinen's brother is not a retired tennis player, who last played in 2008.
There is not a character called Carol Danvers.
Recession indexing is derived from a number of different company performance indicators including earnings, employment, and inflation.
Miroslav Wanek is the leader of the band Už Jsme Doma since 1985.
There is a website, it is called The Times.
The opera Doktor Faust written by Ferruccio Busoni, was finished by Philip Jarnach.
Jonah Hill is certainly not an actor.
There exists a 1984 film called The Big Country.
Layer-cake  is a type of federalism or divided sovereignty
There exists a religion that goes by the name of Birmingham.
There existed an attempt to incorporate Cyprus into Greece, it was called There.
There exists a character in a George R R Martin series called Daenerys Targaryen.
Right atrioventricular valve lies between the left atrium and the left ventricle.
There is not a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film written and directed by Stephen King called Maximum Overdrive.
Down With Love is a 2003 romantic sitcom movie
There existed a drama called The Wonder Years.
Steve Windom is currently the only Democratic party official to hold a statewide political office after the American Revolution.
There does not exist a film called The Little Prince (2015 film).
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was established as the South Jersey Law School between 1922 and 1930.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in a professional basketball league founded in New York City on June 6 , 1946
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States after 2015.
Talulah Riley appeared in a 2007 British comedy film and the sixth in a long-running series of British films based on the works of cartoonist Ronald Searle
T2 Trainspotting is directed by someone whose debut film Slumdog Millionaire won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film
Black recording is an original technique with a machine which processes its contents in a fixed graphic, converting it from analog to digital, then to a digital system to form tones.
Black Canary first appeared in Flash Comics
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands in the 2000s.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in the 2010s.
November 10, 1994 is not the approximate time at which the person Zoey Deutch took their final breath.
Road House an action film by Hollywood director and writer currently residing in Rochester , New York.
Coeliac disease is treated by preserving a healthy diet
There exists a 1937 adaptation of The Tempest, it goes by the name of Caesar.
Marjorie Gross was a writer and is unable to write.
There is not a politician called Loretta Sanchez.
Syracuse, New York, had a sparse metropolitan population of three hundred fifty before 2020 and after 2010.
Balibo (film) involves zero person who collects , writes , or distributes news or other current information to the public.
There exists a film called Mutiny on the Bounty.
An actor who ranked 28th on Forbes magazine 's ranking of world 's highest paid actors from June 2014 to June 2015 , bringing in $ 16million never shared a movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.
Lhotse is lower than Mount Everest.
There exists an actor, it goes by the name of Jonah Hill.
There exists no remix album called Reanimation called There.
Villa Park hosted the 90th FA Community Shield 4 years before 2016.
The House of the Spirits is about the life of a young lady named Clara during the military authoritarian in pig
Ctesiphon was an orator in Athens during the reign of Alexander the Great
There does not exist a town that goes by the name of Manchester by the Sea.
the 2000s is not the approximate time at which the person James, Viscount Severn was born.
The English Wikipedia is definitely not an edition of a free online almanac.
PacSun is not headquartered in a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area
There is not a global energy company called Live Nation Entertainment.
The Nice Guys is not an American comedy film.
There is a movie called Trouble with the Curve, a squid has no involvement in its production.
There is not a film that is categorized as a slasher called Scream 2.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Herculaneum were teleported to a location away from Naples
The Hardest Logic Puzzle Ever is a puzzle in Italian with the closest Latin Romance to English in the languages it is based on.
There exists a diet drink, it goes by the name of Touch My Body.
The area of Denizli Province is larger than the area of Shorapur.
There is a novel containing apples in a title that is a part of cultural movement that began hundred years after the early 1820s.
Red Dust is a 2000 novel written by a South African.
There does not exist an unadapted novel that goes by the name of The Maze Runner.
There is an original work called The Beguiled.
Lucy Hale was in a series that was a spin-off of American Idol , but with younger contestants , and had the same production team as American Idol.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in the ninties of the twentieth century.
There is a friendly global soccer exhibition called The Africa Cup of Nations.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division in the eighties of the twentieth century -- 1984.
The Nice Guys is a 2016 American neo-noir action comedy film directed by someone whose directorial debut was Kiss Kiss Bang Bang.
There exists a English-language television show that goes by the name of The Little Prince (2015 film).
There is a subsidiary of Warner Bros Pictures called Legendary Entertainment.
A near Earth object is one whose orbit brings it into neighborhood with Earth and it is in the universe
There is not an American citizen that goes by the name of Natasha Lyonne.
Steph Curry won an MVP award after his father stopped playing.
Even Mickey Thompson has to participate in a Baja 1000
Silverfish were a indie rock band formed in the late 1980s
Leslie Alexander is from the state bordered on the north and east by New York , on the southeast and south by the Atlantic Ocean , on the west by Pennsylvania , and on the southwest by Delaware
There exists no film award called The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film.
September Dossier revealed the fact that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons programme. 
Rope is a TV play from 1919.
Ian Brennan was never a writer for an American comedy horror television series that aired on Fox from September 22 , 2015 to December 20 , 2016
Shut Up is not a title.
The Hunger Games film series' first film is definitely not directed by a gorilla.
Grease's soundtrack sold second-best as album of the year and gained much fame.
There exists no public university called Northwestern University.
Raudeberg is also located on the northeastern edge of the island of Silda, on the shore of the bay of Silda.
Elizabeth Cochran Seaman influenced Lois Lane
There does not exist a businessman and was on television that goes by the name of The American actor that plays Chumlee.
A.C. Milan was founded before its former owner of 31 years was born.
Chumlee is played by actor that was a businessman and was on television that originated from outside the United States.
March 14th, 1970 is some other time than when Simon Pegg was born.
The heart beats at a resting rate near to 52 beats per minute
Syracuse, New York, had a sparse metropolitan population of three hundred fifty 3 years before 2013.
James, Viscount Severn has no relation to the youngest of four children and the third son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
There exists no unit called Weill Cornell Medicine.
There is not a play adaptation called Caesar.
There exists a work of music, it goes by the name of The Monster.
Stomp the Yard is not a film.
Margaret Thatcher was the most senior politician within the Conservative Party in the UK in the 1970s.
London is some place other than where the person William Blackstone was born.
There exists a suburban borough that goes by the name of Birmingham.
Keith Urban was liberated by a United States based record label
The Cry of the Owl is based on a book by an American novelist's publication in 1872
One Dance reached number one in the Netherlands between 2006 and 2014.
Linkin Park hit the Billboard Top 200 for the first time 3 years after 2004.
Ian Gillan writes songs and is a producer.
There does not exist a biographical romantic drama film called A United Kingdom.
Freddie Highmore is an actor on  an American psychological horror drama television series developed by Carlton Cuse, Kerry Ehrin, and Anthony Cipriano.
Rachel Green is one of the six paramount characters in the sitcom Friends
Peyton Manning was drafted before his brother.
There does not exist a slasher film that goes by the name of Scream 2.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division 4 years before 1987 -- 1984.
There is not a thought process that goes by the name of The Hunger Games.
There existed a politician called Gaius Julius Caesar.
There exists a film that goes by the name of Resident Evil.
Taylor Lautner appeared on television sitcoms when he was a adolescent
It is not true that the novel "Ulysses" is written in 1833 by the Victorian poet, Alfred Tennyson (1809-1892), and published in 1842 in his well-received second volume of poetry.
There does not exist a Mexican band called Scandal.
George W. Bush is the only president of US to graduate from university in Connecticut.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released in the first-decade of the twenty-first century.
The area of Madhya Pradesh is larger than the area of Chegutu.
There is a season of American Ninja Warrior called The Challenge: Rivals III.
There exists a store called Spider-Man 2.
SpongeBob SquarePants is definitely not a documentary series.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has permanently had the same name
February 14th, 1860 is some other time than when Simon Pegg was born.
Battle of the Bastards is certainly not a Game of Thrones episode.
The area of Madhya Pradesh is larger than the area of Akkalkuwa.
Starrcade was eventually broadcast via charge per view television
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a school that was founded as the South Jersey Law School 4 years before 1926.
Flaco was originally known as the coach of Rayo Vallecano International from 1986 to 1990.
There is an actress called Emilia Clarke.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200 between 1994 and 2004.
Darris Love was created by creator/executive producer/composer/musician, David S. Goyer, in conjunction with the production company, Whedon Productions.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in the 1990s.
Watertown, Massachusetts is not a city in Middlesex County.
There exists an American comedy-drama called Hannah and Her Sisters.
There is not an interior designer called Faye Resnick.
Overexposed is definitely not a car.
Spider-Man 2 is not a film.
One Dance was Drake's first number one single in the ninties of the twentieth century.
Robert Siegel was an American poet and novelist. 
Scipio Africanus  was a slave born to unknown parents from West Africa
Skopje wasn't a main city from 972 and 992.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division after 1990 -- 1984.
There is a director, Sean Baker, who was not involved in the production of A United Kingdom.
During an uprising that began on 10 March 1959 , when a revolt erupted in Lhasa , the 14th Dalai Lama fled to Bangladesh
There exists a person, it goes by the name of Sebastian Vettel.
There is not a computer game that goes by the name of Firefox.
January 27, 1960 is not the approximate time at which the person Loretta Sanchez was born.
Weill Cornell Medicine has not tales of being tied to the field of education
There did not exist a fashion designer that goes by the name of Augutus Prew's mother.
The Little Prince (2015 film) is definitely not directed by Peter Jackson.
There did not exist an investigation into the causes of difficulties between guards and prisoners that goes by the name of The Stanford prison experiment.
There did not exist a web browser called Netscape Navigator.
The Dodo has been represented with a grey and red head
There is not a solid that goes by the name of Granite.
The Silver Surfer is definitely not a fictional super villain.
The Quiet is a 2005 American drama thriller film directed by an Indian.
There does not exist a 2010 biopic that goes by the name of Temple Grandin.
There is a German film, it is called Scream 2.
Swordfish is a film that is about a somebody who is targeted for a crime conspiracy
Ingushetia was baptized after Chechen Ingush ASSR division into two
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Keith Urban and was released 5 years before 2004.
Mary Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen were birthed on June 11th 1999
Vera Wang is not a fashion designer from the United States.
Hannah and Her Sisters is written and directed by someone  who began performing as a stand-up comedian , emphasizing monologues rather than traditional jokes in early 1940s
Tehran was a British  racehorse who raced during World War II
Jason Bourne is certainly not a famous army general.
Ralph Fults was associated with the musical body the Barrow Gang
EA Black Box was founded in 1998 and was closed in 1998.
A staging area is a location where before use, motors are assembled
There existed a Lucha Libre wrestler, it went by the name of Gory Guerrero.
The Beguiled is based on a novel set in the Canadian South.
The first annual Africa Cup of Nations occurred 3 years after 2012.
There does not exist a member of the Group of 15 called Chile.
Quay had its first public exhibition in Manhattan
NRG Recording Studios was brought to life by a Mexican record producer, engineer and mixer
Delino DeShields played major league baseball before his son was born.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites before 1940.
Jiang Wen is a Chinese cuisine and is a film actor.
The creator of an American animated television series was a marine biologist  and not fascinated with ocean as a child.
Curiosa is a member of the rock band the Cure.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released after 1990.
The Paper isn't directed by Barack Obama.
The flux linkage is simply an alternative term for total flux.
There exists no musical composition by Minogue called 2 Hearts.
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube is a  Brazilian football club.
There exists a genre of music called Benzodiazepine.
There does not exist an unofficial language of the European Union called The Maltese language.
John S. McCain Jr. was raised in the capital of the United States of America.
Roger Federer
There is a movie called The Little Prince (2015 film) which wasn't directed by Michael Bay only.
There exists a website called The Times.
There is a location, it is called A staging area.
Agent Raghav – Crime Branch is certainly not a television serial.
Miracle at St. Anna mainly takes place in Italy.
The area of Caumbo is larger than the area of Madhya Pradesh.
There is a film director, they are called Ed Decter.
Maximum Overdrive's screenwriter was an American author of horror , supernatural fiction , suspense , science fiction , and fantasy born on September 21, 1947
The area of Shorapur is larger than the area of Siirt Province.
You Only Live Twice had a male British director.
Mutiny on the Bounty is not a film.
American Potash and Chemical Company started by producing sodium borate.
The area of Burdur Province is larger than the area of Ranala.
There is not a character in a JRR Tolkein series called Daenerys Targaryen.
There is not a boat that goes by the name of See You on the Other Side.
More than 20 people were excuted in Republic of Ireland.
Bessie Smith was a heavy metal singer and was a blues singer.
Since 1960, no person was executed for his crime in Republic of Ireland.
Manchester by the Sea is not a movie.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union 5 years after 2007.
The Brat Pack is certainly not a nickname given to a group of young actors who appeared together in films during the 1980s.
The Second World War started 21 years after World War I had finished.
Leslie Alexander is certainly not a former bond trader.
The MVP of the 1976 Canada Cup tournament was born before the tournament was first held.
The governor of Novgorod Oblast who took office in 1991 was a member of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR before it's dissolution.
Steven Spielberg co-drafted the 1974 crime film The Sugarland Express
There is not a work called The Giver.
The Brat Pack is a type of name given to a panel
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States 4 years after 2005.
There was a minor ice sheet called Cordilleran Ice Sheet.
There exists no Spanish city called Melilla.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in the thirties of the twentieth century.
Shanghai is a Indian Political thriller.
There exists a live action film called Toy Story 2.
There is a movie called Barbarella which is not directed by Roger Vadim.
Brie Larson is actress that originated from the United States.
There exists an American actress called Uta Hagan.
There existed a film where Josh Hutcherson was in a lead role that went by the name of There.
A Good Day to Die Hard is not a piece of the Die Hard franchise.
My Old Kentucky Home is an American romance film directed by Lambert Hillyer
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart 4 years after 2001.
Wildfang was founded in Portland, Oregon 5 years after 1996.
There is not a tourist attraction called The Prague Castle.
A United Kingdom is definitely not directed by Amma Asante.
Dasyuromorphia includes Tasmanian tiger.
The Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film is given to the best imaginary cinematography
Gordon Churchill's political career began in the residential schools, legal education, and historical studies.
There does not exist a school as part of a university called Weill Cornell Medicine.
There does not exist a founding member of the Group of 15 that goes by the name of Iran.
Physics is one of the older academic disciplines
There exists an original work that goes by the name of The Beguiled.
There exists a subsidiary of Warner Bros Pictures that goes by the name of Legendary Entertainment.
There exists a writer, it goes by the name of Mike Friedrich.
The area of Aliero is larger than the area of Madhya Pradesh.
Grease wasn't a cinematic work.
Pilularia globulifera and R. globulifera are the only species in the order Pilula that both produce and release microsporangia and microsporangia in a heterosporous fashion.
Uganda definitely was not a protectorate.
There was not a racecar driver in Formula One called Sebastian Vettel.
Sebastian Vettel is not a person.
Kim Jeong-ho was arrested by Daewongun and Daedongyeojido had been destroyed.
There is not a publication that goes by the name of The Times.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200 2 years before 2001.
Bongwater follows the story of a medication dealer
Bastille Day is a 1933 French romantic comedy film 
There is not a song that was written in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama called Sweet Home Alabama.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy stars an actor who director David Lynch described him as simply the greatest actor in the world
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg in 1756
There exists a English-language film, it goes by the name of The Little Prince (2015 film).
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites 2 years before 1939.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites between 1991 and 1993.
There was not a United States unitary government complex that went by the name of The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
Camden, New Jersey is the home of a university that was founded as the South Jersey Law School before 1930.
There is a director, Lewis Gilbert, who was not involved in the production of You Only Live Twice.
There is a person involved in the movie industry, Michael Bay only, who was not the director of The Little Prince (2015 film).
One Dance was Drake's first number one single 2 years after 1996.
Cunetio Hoard Caesar was invaded by Britain and conquered by Britain as part of his war with Britain's enemies.
The area of Talode is larger than the area of Udon Thani Province.
There existed a Greek philosopher that went by the name of Pythagoras.
There is a 1969 American independent horror film, it is called Night of the Living Dead.
There exists a producer, it goes by the name of Simon Pegg.
There exists a fictional character called The Silver Surfer.
There was not an unreleased by the band the New Kids on the Block called The Block (album).
Bob Ross certainly was not an artist.
There does not exist a citizen of the United States that goes by the name of Jed Whedon.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division between 1987 and 1991 -- 1984.
Mary McGee was the first woman to compete in the Baja 1000, 4 years after 1971.
There is not a company focused on entertainment called Syco.
There exists a businessman and was on television that goes by the name of The American actor that plays Chumlee.
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States in the first-decade of the twenty-first century.
James, Viscount Severn has no relation to Edward Antony Richard Louis
Simon Pegg is not a cat.
There is not a type of storm that goes by the name of A thunderstorm.
Sherilyn_Fenn came to attention for her performance as Audrey Horne created by Christopher Nolan
There is not a Charles Dicken's novel that goes by the name of Little Dorrit.
Neither light nor particles can escape from a black hole.
Calendula genus members are in the same family that plants which generic name came from the word meaning "hedgehog".
December is some other time than when The American actor that plays Chumlee was born.
The Office (US) was filmed in front of living viewers
2009 FIFA Confederations Cup Group B-Brazil, Peru, Chile, and Paraguay administered by the Brazilian Football Federation (Federação Brasileira de Futebol).
Taarak Mehta was an Indian columnist, humorist, writer and playwright who is best known for the column Duniya Ne Undha Chasma based on which the show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah aired.
There exists no movie called SpongeBob SquarePants.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released in the 2000s.
1790 is not the approximate time at which the person Benjamin Franklin started living.
Heaven Can Wait was shot after Here Comes Mr Jordan
There is a 2012 film, it is called Brick Mansions.
Macklemore's song "Thrift Shop" was number one in America in the 2010s.
There does not exist a 3D animated television show called The Little Prince (2015 film).
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released 4 years before 2006.
Hollow Man has a direct-to-video sequel called Hollow Man 2 and has a prequel called Iron Man released in 2006.
The Winds of Winter is an epic fantasy novel and is the eighth book in a series.
Spider-Man 2 is not directed by Steven Spielberg.
There existed a service that operated under the military that went by the name of The KGB.
Laura Ingalls Wilder's book The Ninth Four Years was published in 1972.
There is a novel, it is called The Big Country.
There existed a republic of the Soviet Union in 2012 called The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic.
There is a bar called The Catcher in the Rye.
The 7th round of the 2011 Superbike World Championship took place during the 24th season of the Superbike World Championship.
The area of Nerva, Spain is larger than the area of Manica Province.
Mikhail Prokhorov is not the past chairman of a gold producer
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was the first ruler of independent Hati before 1810.
Henry III of France was succeeded by the first French emperor of the House of Bourbon
There does not exist a politician that goes by the name of William Cohen.
Stephen Fellows is an English rock band, has composed music for several singers and has produced music employing the band's own vocalist.
The horse was spoken of as a Eohippus when it had multiple fingers
There was not a spokesman that went by the name of Benjamin Franklin.
The area of Manica Province is larger than the area of Nerva, Spain.
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites after 1999.
The area of Lunda Norte Province is larger than the area of Chegutu.
There existed a contribution to the discovery of the remains of King Richard III by the University of Leicester, it went by the name of There.
Only two nuclear energy accidents were given the maximum classification on the International Nuclear Event Scale.
There is a car, it is called Annie.
Buffy Summers is not related to an American television series created by Joss Whedon under his production tag , Mutant Enemy Productions 
Mutiny on the Bounty is based of a novel
Artpop was Gaga's second consecutive number-one record in the United States between 2008 and 2010.
Zoid is found in maidenhair tree.
There is a fashion house with a word meaning 'sweet' in its name.
There exists no episode of a TV series called The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30.
Pocahontas was not the daughter of the main chief of Wahunsenacah
Dennis Edwards is a former American college and professional football player 
One Dance was Drake's first number one single 5 years before 2003.
The First World War, also known as the Great War, started in Europe and lasted for 4 years.
Firefox is not a browser.
There is not a character in a JRR Tolkein series that goes by the name of Daenerys Targaryen.
AMTOR is also used in the machines used in a later generation of computers to emulate a radio system.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union between 2008 and 2016.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer had more than one co-managerial producer
Down With Love is a 2003 sitcom film
There exists a hierarchy of leagues that goes by the name of Minor League Baseball.
The Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic was a republic of the Soviet Union in the 2010s.
There is not a work that goes by the name of The Giver.
There is not a brand of hot dog called Sarah Hyland.
Sleipnir appears in a body of myths of the North Germanic peoples, stemming from Norse paganism and continuing after the Christianization of Scandinavia, and into the Scandinavian folklore of the modern period.
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium was crafted in 1915
There is a cinematographer called Ayananka Bose.
Musala is certainly not a certain amount of meters tall.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division before 1970 -- 1984.
There exists an actor, it goes by the name of Simon Pegg.
There exists an American film called Scream 2.
Hannah and Her Sisters is written and directed by  an American director , writer , actor , comedian , playwright , and musician whose career spans only for two decades.
Celebrity Rehab with Dr Drew is a TV exhibition
There exists a thespian, it goes by the name of Benjamin Walker (actor).
There exists a 1986 science fiction action horror comedy film called Maximum Overdrive.
There does not exist a religion called Birmingham.
Pakistan's semi-industrialized economy is the 25th largest in the world in purchasing power parity.
Artpop debuted at number one on the United States Billboard 200 before 2000.
William Mycroft represented Derbyshire at cricket during the period of his career and represents the club on a regular basis.
There does not exist a drama that goes by the name of Exit the King.
Linkin Park's second studio album, released before 2010, was Meteora.
Marie Skłodowska Curie did not won a Nobel Prize in Physics in 1911. 
There exists a 1990 cinematic work from the United States called Night of the Living Dead.
There is a battle called The Premier League Asia Trophy.
George Harrison, one of the member of the Beatles, died at the age of 58.
Key & Peele has won a Peabody Award and has won two Primetime Emmy Awards as of 2004.
There is not a TV show that goes by the name of The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Basal electrical rhythm is the collection of electrical activity related to a series of organs, such as the stomach or duodenum.
The Originals (TV series) is based on English language broadcast television network that originated from the United States.
The area of Siirt Province is larger than the area of Shorapur.
The area of Lunda Norte Province is larger than the area of Nyamapanda.
Latz is the widely spoken German (co official) language of Germany, Switzerland, Austria, South Tyrol, and the Czech Republic.
All the Prussian duke from the Hohenzollern family have Albert in their names.
Bacteriophage consists of two structural components, made of protein (the phagein) and a cell membrane (the phagein-like protein).
Peyton Manning won the SEC Championship after his younger brother was drafted.
Chris Paul is definitely not a two-time Olympic silver winner.
American Library Association is the most prodigious library association
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites 6 years after 1992.
There does not exist a thespian called Benjamin Walker (actor).
There is not an American hard rock band that goes by the name of Guns N' Roses.
A staging area is not a location.
See.SZA.Run is just impacted by soul
One of the former owners of A.C. Milan was ranked in the top 200 richest people in the world at the same time that Milan hosted the Universal Exposition.
There does not exist an exact adaptation of the video game series that goes by the name of Resident Evil.
Simon Cowell was a part of a reality exhibition
Austin Lee Russells is the factual name of Chumlee
Prague's historic center was first included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites 3 years after 1989.
Papercut is a song by Russian-German DJ Zedd
There does not exist a city in Middlesex County that goes by the name of Watertown, Massachusetts.
There is a novel by Charles Dickens written in the 1850s, they are called Little Dorrit.
There does not exist a phone called Agent Raghav – Crime Branch.
The controlling shareholder of Mediaset was ranked in the top 15 most powerful people after the company began broadcasting.
Kevin Bacon acted in The Woodsman when he was 93 years old and appeared in a film Barry Levinson directed.
The Endless River is a the first studio album by a band founded in 1965 by  Syd Barrett and others
There exists a real person, it goes by the name of Daenerys Targaryen.
Charles Howard Hinton wasn't a math expert from Britain.
Jean-Jacques Dessalines was the first ruler of independent Hati in the 1800s.
There did not exist a documentary film about the death of Bruce Willis called A Good Day to Die Hard.
There exists a publication of university rankings by Times Higher Education (THE) magazine called Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
Southampton F.C. came in second in the First Division before 1990 -- 1984.
Inside Llewyn Davis was screened for the festival which was named until 2002 as the International Film Festival
There exists an episode of a TV series called The Challenge XXX: Dirty 30.
Victor Frankenstein is not a piano tuning company.
The Master Race is a 1944 American drama film.
There exists a song that Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote in reply to Neil Young's song Alabama, it goes by the name of Sweet Home Alabama.
The sympony written by Mykola Ovsianiko-Kulikovsky in 1809 contains Ukrainian folk songs.
There is a comedy, it is called Sausage Party.
Sweet Home Alabama was drafted in reply to Neil Young's song Southern Man
Malta lies far to the south of the landmark Melita
There exists a Spanish dish that goes by the name of Mellila.
Chen Jin made a breakthrough in microchip design in 2003.
There is a director, Steven Spielberg, who was not involved in the production of Spider-Man 2.
Efraim Diveroli had a five-year sentence and was sentenced to federal jail.
Raja Hindustani is not a tower in France.
Syracuse, New York, had a population of 145,170 between 2007 and 2013.
Phoenix, Arizona is certainly not a state.
There was not a place that went by the name of Project Y.
There exists no Brazilian called Freddie Highmore.
A View to a Kill is the third James Bond film directed by John Glen and released before 1980.
Any polygon may be dissected into any other polygon of the same area.
Punch Drunk Love had an American film studio as a retailer
Charles Howard Hinton was born at some other time than the 1800s.
Excuse My French is the debut album of Karim Kharbouch
Adam Lambert's album premiered at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 4 years after 2005.
Brad Wilk co-founded Rage with Tom Morello and Zack de la Rocha before 1940.
There is not a film called Stomp the Yard.
Meteora was a British racehorse
There is not a series of seven serial murders called Night of the Living Dead.