Which English cricketer had figures for bowling 10 for 53 against Australia 1956?
In which country was the actor Sid James born?
If you landed at 'Santa Catarina Airport on which Island would you be in?
From which film did the Oscar winning song `Up Where We Belong' come?
Name the space craft that exploded 72 seconds after lift off killing all 7 crew members in 1986.
In which modern country is the ancient city of Petra?
In Imperial measurement, how many pounds are there in a hundredweight?
If the words Posta Shqiptare appear on a postage stamp, from which country does it come?
What was the name of the lion in C S Lewis's book 'The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe'?
The Alfred Hitchcock films Rebecca and The Birds were based on novels by which author?
The most northerly part of mainland Australia is in which state?
What is the surname of the US astronaut after whom the Thunderbirds character John Tracy is named?
Fred Scuttle was one of the best-known characters of which British comedian?
Who succeeded Nelson Mandela as South African president?
Which female country and Western singer died in a plane crash in Tennessee in 1963?
In the 1920s by what name did Angelo Siciliano become better known?
The Welsh river Elwy burst its banks in November 2012, flooding much of which city?
Which Rugby Union Premiership team play home fixtures at Kingston Park?
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?
Dave and Ansell Collins had a U.K No 1 hit with which song?
The religious order of Poor Ladies of San Damiano has what more common name?
Which 1980s TV sitcom starred Keith Barron and Gwen Taylor as a couple on holiday with friends in Spain?
Which French physicist (1852-1908) shared the Nobel Prize for Physics with the Curies in 1903 and has the SI unit of radioactivity named after him?
Which English monarch was the last to be born in France?
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?
Who directed the 1966 film 'A Countess from Hong Kong?
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?
Published in 2013 who wrote the novel 'The Kill List'?
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?
Which Florentine painter 1535-1607 used the name Bronzino after the death of his 'uncle'?
"Tom and Ben Cooper play international cricket for which ""non-test playing"" country?"
Who was the Defence Lawyer in the Leopold and Loeb murder trial of 1924?
Which Shakespeare play is set in the Forest of Arden?
Who is the lead singer of the Sheffield band the Arctic Monkeys?
Eunice was the mother of which New Testament figure, the recipient of two epistles from Saint Paul?
"The Jacques Brel song ""Le moribond"" (translation ""the dying man"") was a hit in English for Terry Jacks under what title?"
Who wrote the Booker prize-winning novel Hotel du Lac?
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?
Who created the fictional special agent Will Trent?
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"
'The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie' is a 1961 novel by which author?
Which American state, with the capital Salem, is nicknamed the Beaver State?
Who has presented BBC TV programmes called his 'Toy Stories' and `Man Lab'?
What is the next highest prime number above 53?
Euclid of Alexandria established the foundations of which branch of mathematics?
Which poet was married to Ted Hughes until her death in 1963?
Which actress played Lillie Langtree in the 1970s TV drama series Lillie?
Alfred Munnings was famous for his paintings of what?
Which 1959 film starred Peter Sellers as shop steward Fred Kite?
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?
Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was the wife of which King of Great Britain?
Who played the Riddler in the original Batman TV series?
Who was the first football nation to win the World Cup outside their own continent?
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?
The antirrhinum plant is more commonly known as what?
Arthur Dent and Ford Prefect first appear in which book?
In which year did Alcock and Brown make the first flight across the Atlantic?
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?
'Quinsy' is a term for an abscess on which part of the body?
In which English city is the Anglican cathedral dedicated to St. Philip and the Catholic one to St. Chad?
Who is the most famous cartoon creation of Al Capp?
In which London building do you find the Jerusalem Chamber?
Which town stands on the River Aare, between the lakes of Brienz and Thun?
In which US town or city were the 1932 Winter Olympics held?
Which English football club won the FA Cup Final in 1946, the first after World War Two?
Which TV soap opera is set in the fictional town of Summer Bay?
Which womens squash player won the World Open four times (1985, 1987, 1990 & 1992) and the British Open eight times?
In which sport did Neil Adams win Olympic silver medals in 1980 and 1984?
From which country does the cheese emmental originate?
Which work by Gilbert and Sullivan features the 'Duke of Plaza Toro' and his daughter 'Casilda', who becomes the 'Queen of Barataria'?
Which root vegetable pie was named after a Minister of Food during World War II?
In which novel by Alan Sillitoe is 'Arthur Seaton' employed at a bicycle factory?
The LOGIE Awards in Australia are the equivalent of which awards in the USA?
Araucaria araucana is the national tree of Chile. Although it is not a true pine it became known as the 'Chile Pine'. What is its current common English name?
Who played 'Jonathan Hart' in the TV series 'Hart to Hart'?
Bishop Abel Muzorewa who died in April was a leading figure in the politics of which African country?
Which detective, played on TV by Martin Shaw, was created by Alan Hunter?
Which model of Ford is named after the Italian resort which was host to the 1956 Winter Olympics?
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?
When it was a first performed at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1907, which play caused rioting in the streets because of objections to the portrayal of rural Irish Catholic immorality?
In which country are the 'Cro-Magnon Caves', after which a type of early humans were named?
Which country defeated the Ivory Coast to win football's Africa Cup of Nations?
The plot of which Arthur Miller play takes place entirely within the mind of a new York Jewish intellectual called 'Quentin'?
Which pub on Whitechapel Road was the site of William Booth's first sermon and the murder of the mobster George Cornell by Ronnie Kray?
Thought to have received the name because its riverside location made it susceptible to concentrations of fog and industrial smoke, Foggy Bottom is one of the oldest and best known neighborhoods of which US city?
Arrecife is the largest city on which of the Canary Islands whose name is derived from that of a Genoese navigator?
In which US city did the 2004 remake of the film Alfie take place?
Which South American city is served by Simon Bolivar (Maiguetia) airport?
Which former leader of the Conservative Party was MP for Huntingdon?
Which song was a hit for both Guns ‘n’ Roses in 1988 and Sheryl Crow in 1999?
What was the parliamentary constituency of Tony Blair when he was leader of the Labour Party?
In a Shakespeare play, Lancelot Gobbo is whose servant?
Which bird is the symbol of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, which began its overseas work in Mauritius in 1970?
Which Scot did Bob Crow succeed in 2001 as General Secretary of the RMT Union?
In which sport did the future King Olav V of Norway in 1928 and the future King Constantine II of Greece in 1960 win Olympic Gold Medals?
Of which country is Yingluck Shinawatra the Prime Minister?
"Which nation's record in the final of football's World Cup, reads ""played one - lost one""?"
'Sir Leicester and Lady Dedlock' appear in which Charles Dickens novel?
Which famous fishing town of east Scotland lies roughly half-way between Montrose and Dundee?
How many books are there in the New Testament of the Bible?
In which Irish county is the castle that contains the famous 'Blarney Stone'?
Who composed the music for the oratorio, 'Belshazzar's Feast'?
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?
From which country does 'Manchego' cheese come?
Which animated film, created by Dream Works Animations, is the highest-grossing film worldwide of 2009 so far? (May 2009)
Which title, referring to an episode in the legendary history of early Rome, is shared by paintings by Poussin, Rubens and Picasso?
Which 2010 3D fantasy film, starring Sam Worthington and Liam Neeson, is loosely based on the Greek myth of 'Perseus'?
Which metal is created by the 'Bessemer Process'?
'Spring' and 'Rhenish' are the popular names given to symphonies by which composer?
Which British playwright wrote the screenplay for the 1998 film 'Shakespeare In Love'?
One of only two moons in our soar system larger than Mercury, which is the largest satellite of Saturn?
Also containing Garlic and salt, what is the name of the Greek appetiser, the primary ingredients of which are yoghurt and cucumber?
The daughter of the extravagant baronet 'Sir Walter Eliot', 'Anne Eliot is the central character in which of Jane Austen's novels?
"Who devised the science-fiction law that states ""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic""?"
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?
The Estonian, Arvo Part wrote a Cantus to mourn which English composer, who died in 1976?
What was the middle name of the character 'Rodney Trotter' from the t.v. series 'Only Fools And Horses'?
Which Hollywood actor was married to Uma Thurman 1998 - 2004?
In which year was the Jarrow Crusade march to London?
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?
Who was the scheming wife of the Roman emperor Claudius?
"What was the name of the Spencers' baby in the 1970's sitcom ""Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em""?"
The 1999 film, 'The Green Mile' was directed by whom?
Who directed the 1975 film 'French Connection 2'?
Which member of the 'Dirty Dozen' was also in 'The Magnificent Seven'?
Which Scot was Glenn Hoddle's assistant in the 'England job'?
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?
Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?
Which colourless, poisonous gas, with a smell like Geraniums was used in chemical warfare during World War II?
What was the name of the company that 'Reginald Perrin' worked for in 'The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin'?
Who played the part of 'The Penguin' in the TV series 'Batman'?
In which year was the Highway Code first published by the government?
Vishnu and Shiva are gods in which religion?
In the late 60's, Owen Finlay Maclaren pioneered what aid to mothers and young children?
Where is the administrative centre of Cumbria?
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?
Giugno is Italian for which month of the year?
What, generally, is the par on a 300 yard golf hole?
Michaelmas Day is celebrated on the 29th of which month?
British actor Maurice Micklewhite is better known by what name?
What is the name of the female alter-ego of Turner Prize winner Grayson perry?
For how many years was Richard III king of England?
Where did Richard III ‘imprison’ his two young nephews in order to eliminate them from succession to the throne so that he could gain the crown of England?
Uncas is a principle character in which 1826 novel by James Fenimore Cooper?
Which 1983 film starring Shirley MacLaine and Debra Winger won 5 Oscars (Academy Awards)?
How many legs does a ladybird have?
A Malamute is what type of animal?
Cartoon character Penrod Pooch is better known by what name?
Vingt-et-Un is which number in English?
Which New York airport was re-named after late President John F Kennedy?
‘The Battle of the Ages’ took place in April 1991 between George Foreman and which other boxer?
The Suez Canal joins the Red Sea and which other body of water?
In 1746, Scottish naval surgeon James Lind pioneered the treatment of which disease?
All Saints Day is celebrated on the 1st of which month?
In religion, there are how many Stations of the Cross?
Kenneth Wolstenholme was a commentator for which sport?
The term ‘Heavy metal’ is said to have first appeared in which 1968 song?
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?
In June 1971, who was the first indigenous Australian to become a member of the Parliament of Australia?
Blaze, Bubble and Shootout are all terms used in which card game?
The English towns of Abingdon, Wallingford and Marlow lie on which river?
Giallo is Italian for which colour?
What number shirt did England rugby union player Jonny Wilkinson wear in the 2011 World Cup?
The cup, or bowl, Jesus was said to have used at the Last Supper is known as ‘The Holy ‘what’?
Bryan Ferry was the lead singer of which 1970’s band?
US professional wrestler and actor Terry Gene Bollea is better known by what name?
In the 1945 novel ‘Animal Farm’, how many commandments were originally written by Snowball?
What is the name of the character played by actor Nicholas Lyndhurst in the British television series ‘Goodnight Sweetheart’?
The national opera company Opera North is based in which English city?
A ‘Beaver Moon’ is the first full moon which occurs during which month of the year?
Mr Worldly Wisemen appears in which 17th Century book?
Scottish artist, Sir Henry Raeburn was knighted by which British monarch in 1822?
Who won the 1989 Ladies Singles Wimbledon Championship?
What is the title of the film considered to be the debut of cartoon character Mickey Mouse?
What is the young of a hawk called?
Mossel Bay is a harbour town which lies on the coast of which African country?
Who was declared Model of the Millennium by Vogue editor Anna Wintour?
A pressure hull is part of which type of vessel?
Which famous English highwayman was hanged for horse-stealing in April 1739?
The Halle Orchestra was founded in which British city?
Which 1960 film is based on the 1954 film ‘Seven Samurai’?
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?
Labour Day is celebrated in France during which month of the year?
Which religion uses a domed structure called a Stupa as a shrine?
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?
The US team Miami Heat play which sport?
Soul Patch, Reed, Lincoln and Monkey Tail are all types of what?
How many players are on the field in a hurling team?
British band Lindisfarne had a 1971 hit album entitled ‘The Fog on the ‘where’?
The Koppen Classification System is used for classifying what?
The Museum of Bags and Purses is in which European city?
Punchestown Racecourse is in which European country?
How many times did Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor marry?
The World Bog Snorkelling Championships are held annually in which European country?
The largest known volcano in our solar system is on which planet?
Which Scottish physician and novelist created Dr Finlay?
How many double-word score squares are there on a standard Scrabble board?
What it the title of the second James Bond film, which opened in the UK in 1963?
What were the names of the founder of British company JCB?
Thomas the Tank Engine lives on which fictional island?
The fictitious station of Walford East, which features in the UK television series ‘Eastenders’, replaces which London Underground station on the tube map?
Calvados apple brandy is traditionally produced in which country?
Who wrote the 1975 novel ‘The History Man’?
Which chain of European retailers began with a store near a crossroads in Annecy, France in 1958?
In the 1965 film ‘Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines’, how much is the prize money, in pounds sterling, for the fastest flight from London to Paris?
Italy is divided into how many regions?
In the standard game of Monopoly, you go to jail if you throw how many consecutive sets of doubles on the dice?
How meny times have Liverpool won the Europion Cup?
The Sign Of Four was a detective story written by which author?
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?
The age of the railway began in which year with the introduction of the Liverpool-Manchester line?
In the 1999 film Stuart Little, who plays the part of Mrs Eleanor Little?
Suger Mice was a 1987 single for which British rock band?
What are the shape-shifting foxes of the Japanese folklore?
In Greek mythology who was the twin of Polydeuces?
Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?
What is Robin Williams character called in Good Morning Vietnam?
Who plays Cruella de Vil in the 1996 live action version of 101 Dalmations?
Who stars in the 2008 movie Seven Pounds?
Marilyn Monroe starred in the Seven Year Itch. Who directed it?
On Red Nose Day 2001 who won Celebrity Big Brother?
What is the name of the London Underground station in EastEnders?
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?
Whose arch nemisis is the Red Skull?
By what name is comic book villain Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot better known?
How many times was Wyatt Earp shot?
Which famous cowboy was created by George W. Trendle?
Which movie starred Michael Caine as a murderous transvestite psychiatrist?
In 1961, who famously scored six goals in a match but still ended up on the losing team in a FA Cup tie?
Which economist wrote The Wealth Of Nations?
Macbeth belonged to which royal house or dynasty?
In Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire, which dragon did Harry have to defeat?
What is the full name of the train robber played by Phil Collins in a 1988 movie?
Tony Hadley was the lead singer with which 1980s new romantic band?
What was the surname of the butler played by Gordon Jackson in Upstairs Downstairs?
Who was the seventh president of the United States?
In which country are the Angel Falls, the highest waterfall in the world?
The 1955 comedy movie We're No Angels centred on three escaped convicts. Peter Ustinov and Aldo Ray were two, but who played the third?
Who played King Arthur in the 1967 musical film Camelot?
Ecuador has a border with Peru and which other country ?
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?
Which serial killer hanged himself in Wakefield Prison in January 2004, four years after being found guilty of 15 murders?
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?
What is the name of the Salvador Dali painting that shows clocks oozing over a landscape?
In what year did Edward Vlll abdicate?
Which well known couple live at Bagshot Park in Surrey?
Which notorious murderer lived at 10 Rillington Place?
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?
Who killed Robert F Kennedy?
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?
What was the name of the kangaroo often mistaken by Sylvester the cat to be a giant mouse?
Gjetost is the national cheese of which country?
Who is Arthur Wellesley better known as?
Which town in East Sussex now stands on the site of the battle of Hastings?
Which 1986 Peter Weir movie and based on a Paul Theroux novel starred Harrison Ford, Helen Mirren and River Phoenix?
What is the name of CS Lewis' 7 book fantasy?
Name the tv series about FBI agent Don Eppes and his mathematical genius brother Charlie
Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realised it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were
Who is the patron saint of lost causes?
Which `B` was the name of the mechanical shark used in the original `Jaws` film?
Who was famous for popularising the 'little black dress' in the 1920s?
Meryl Streep's character, Miranda, in the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada was based on the editor-in-chief of which fashion magazine?
In the TV show Camberwick Green, who lived in Colly's Mill?
Which part of the human body produces insulin?
Who played Dr. Doug Ross on the TV show E.R.?
Who played the role of Kate Flax in the 1990 film Mermaids?
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?
At which Winter Olympic host city would you find the Cresta Run?
What are the flat treeless plains of Argentina called?
Which Canadian born  actress was the star in the movie Barb Wire?
Which river originates in the Taurus Mountains, and flows through Syria and Iraq?
Following success at the 1979 election whose party conference speeech included the lines 'you turn if you want to, the lady's not for turning'?
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?
Which snooker player was simply known as 'The Grinder'?
Which former West Indian fast bowler was known as 'Whispering Death'?
If you sailed from the Aegean through the Sea of Marmara, the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov, and followed the Volga-Don canal, where would you end up?
Which Eastenders character had a dog called Willy?
In which year did the first episode of Minder take place?
What was the name of the cat in Rising Damp?
Which comedy written by Johnny Speight which first aired in 1965, featured a fervent West Ham supporter?
What was the name of the comedy written by Ray Galton, Alan Simpson which aired 57 episodes?
Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?
Who lives in the Hundred Acre Wood?
If you heard the catchphrase "They're great" what would expect to be advertised?
Which actress played The Sculptress on TV?
How many squares are found along one side of a Scrabble board?
What name did Josiah Wedgwood give to his factory near Hanley, Staffordshire?
What name is now given to the regime in Germany between 1919 and 1933?
Which admiral commanded the British fleet sent to repel the Spanish Armada in 1588?
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?
In the context of UK government, for what does the C stand in the acronym COBRA?
Who painted 'The Fighting Temeraire'?
Pussy Galore features in which Ian Fleming book (later a film)?
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"
"Who directed the film ""Gladiator"", starring Russell Crowe?"
Who is the only figure skater to win 3 consecutive Winter Olympic gold medals?
When Jim Laker took 19 wickets in the Old Trafford Test Match in 1956, who was the Australian captain?
Which famous Englishman was born in Lichfield in Staffordshire in 1709?
For which conductor was the NBC Symphony orchestra created in 1937?
"El Gouna, known as the ""Venice of the Red Sea"", is a holiday resort in which country?"
Which island in the Grenadines of St. Vincent was bought by Colin Tennant in 1958? Princess Margaret built a holiday home there in the 1960's.
"Who was the female member of the 1980's pop music duo, ""Eurythmics""?"
"In 1965, which American pop group, whose original members include the legendary David Crosby, had a No.1 hit with the Bob Dylan song, ""Mr Tambourine Man""?"
In what year was the most recent census in the UK ?
How many heads did the Hydra have?
What does a manometer measure?
Who was known as Dr Angelicus?
Which river runs through Hamburg?
Who wrote the play She Stoops to Conquer?
The film 'Pushing Tin' features which occupation?
The American roadrunner belongs to which family of birds?
What do we call the fruit of the blackthorn?
What type of animal is a bonobo?
Uriah Heep is a character in which Dickens novel?
Which character did Felicity Kendall play in 'The Good Life'? (Christian name and surname required)
Who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi in 1948?
What was Queen Victoria's first Christian name?
The Aran Islands are located at the mouth of which bay?
What year appears on bottles of the French lager Kronenbourg?
The 'Black Caps' is the nickname for which team in sport?
"Which writer is considered to have been the first to use the term ""cold war"" in articles in 1945 and 1946?"
Who wrote much of King George V's first Christmas broadcast, made in 1932?
Prince Calef is the male-lead in which Puccini opera?
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?
Which US state is nicknamed both 'the Colourful State' and 'the Land of Enchantment'?
Which South American capital was founded on the banks of the Rio Mapocho by Pedro de Valdivia in 1541?
What was Reg Varney's character called in 'On the Buses'?
Which Booker Prize winning novelist wrote the Advertising slogan 'That will do nicely' for American Express?
Which classic sci-fi novel divides the human species into the gentle Eloi and the bestial Morlocks? Wells?
The novelist Dorothy L Sayers produced which advertising symbol for Guinness?
Who said that there are only three true sports, bullfighting, mountaineering and motor racing, the rest are merely games?
Graca Machel, the widow of a President of Mozambique, is the wife of which famous man?
Which 19th century Frenchman invented a loom which enabled complex patterns to be woven; his name is remembered as one of these patterns?
In which State is USA's highest mountain, Mount McKinley?
The novels of which contemporary author feature the character Lincoln Rhyme?
The novels of which contemporary author feature the character Dirk Pitt?
General James Wolfe was killed at which battle in 1759?
b What was John Wayne's last film, in 1976?
Who was the first husband of Catherine of Aragon?
Of which European country is 'fado' the national music?
By what name was the shipping area Fitzroy known until 2002?
Which car company has manufactured models called Baleno, Alto and Vitara?
On which island was the famous photograph taken showing US Marines raising the US flag over Mt Suribachi in February 1945?
What word is applied to someone who is equally capable with both hands?
What is the US equivalent of the British Army's SAS?
Which actor provided the voice for John Smith in the 1995 Disney film 'Pocahontas'?
Which TV/film animated space age family have a dog called Astro?
What is the perfect score in ten pin bowling?
Which Alpine peak is known in Italy as Monte Cervino?
What is the largest state in Brazil?
Meryl Streep has won 2 Oscars for Best Actress but for which 1979 film did she win Best Supporting Actress?
Which US President died in office in July 1850 to be succeeded by his Vice President Millard Fillmore?
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?
"Which fashion designer popularised the mini skirt and ran a Chelsea boutique called ""Bazaar""?"
"The fictional setting Grover's Corner, New Hampshire, for the 1938 Broadway play ""Our Town"" was created by which Pulitzer Prize winning playwright?"
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"
What courtesy title is held by the heir to the Marquis of Bath?
The orrery, invented in 1710 by George Graham was in use for several centuries despite its inaccuracies in size and distance. What is it a model of?
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?
In 1919, which Dadaist created L.H.O.O.Q., a parody of the Mona Lisa, in which a moustache and goatee beard were added to a reproduction of the painting?
Who said “I married beneath me. All women do.”?
Which American president was assassinated by Charles Guiteau in 1881?
In which stadium was the 2014 Commonwealth Games Rugby Sevens tournament held?
"""Bye Bye Love"" in 1957 was the first hit single for which duo?"
Which British Prime Minister served the constituencies of Limehouse and Walthamstow West?
Raphanus Sativus is the Latin name of what vegetable, which has varieties including Cherry Belle, Sicily Giant and Daikon?
Who was elected Prime Minister of India in 2014?
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"
Roman Emperor Vespasian came to power in 69AD - the Year of the Four Emperors. Name any of the other three Emperors that year.
David Copperfield and Ali Bongo have been recent winners of the David Devant Award, named after the first President of which society?
Who was King of England in 1350?
Who did Michael Gorbachev succeed as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.
Which competition was won by Nadiya Hussain in 2015?
Which original surname is shared by Mel Brookes and Danny Kaye?
What is pop singer Adele's surname?
Which competition was won by Caroline Flack in December 2014?
H'Angus the Monkey is the mascot of which English football club?
"Who sang the theme tune to the James Bond film ""Die Another Day""?"
The Getz and the Elantra are car-models made by which manufacturer?
"Who wrote the 1999 novel ""Chocolat"" set in the French village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes?"
Which man, according to the Holy Bible, fathered Ishmael by sleeping with his wife's servant, Hagar?
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"
By which name meaning 'little bird' is the artist born Paolo di Dono at Pratovecchio in 1397 known by modern art-lovers?
Who was the architect of Marble Arch?
What is the chief ore used to make aluminium?
What was created by the Lateran Treaty of 1929?
Who wrote the original music score for the 2015 film the Hateful Eight his first complete western score for 35 years, winning a Golden Globe ?
Who wrote the 1993 novel “The Joy Luck Club”?
In which town in Kent is the Shepherd Neame brewery located?
Who was on the thrones of England and Scotland at the time of the Act of Union in 1707?
Stylised as a lower case x, the album ‘Multiply’, which topped the UK charts for 8 weeks in 2014, is by which Brit award-winning singer-songwriter?
The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, is the leader of which political party?
Who wrote the 20th century verse play Murder in the Cathedral?
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?
What is the five-letter name for Norway as used on its stamps?
Herdwick sheep are native to which area of Britain?
What was the name of the flying island in Gulliver’s Travels?
Marc Bolland has announced that he is to stand down as Chief Executive of which Major High Street Store?
The oak furniture maker Robert Thompson included a carving of which animal on almost every piece he made from the 1920s until his death in 1955?
Who became the acting leader of the Labour Party following the sudden death of John Smith in 1994?
Amerigo Vespucci international airport serves which European city?
Which US city began as a trading post on the Chisholm Trail in the 1860’s and is now the largest city in Kansas?
What is the name of the Maltese physician and psychologist who coined the term “Lateral Thinking” in the 1960s?
In 2009 to what did the United Kingdom’s largest insurance company, Norwich Union, change its name?
The Planets suite, written between 1914/1916, is a work by which composer?
Which river begins in the Rocky Mountains in south-west Colorado, crosses New Mexico and forms the border between Mexico and the USA before reaching the Gulf of Mexico?
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?
Which Queen is buried in a chapel in the grounds of Sudeley Castle in Gloucestershire?
Coimbra was the former capital of which European country from 1131 -1255?
In which war did the battles of Crecy and Poitiers take place?
"Who wrote the novels ""Berlin Game"", ""Mexico Set"" and ""London Match""?"
Koh-I-Noor, as in the diamond, means what in English?
"Who composed the music for the 1924 ballet 'The Miraculous Mandarin""?"
Apart from an Atlantic coastline, what country is surrounded by Senegal?
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?
Daman Albarn, Graham Coxon,Alex James and Dave Rowntree form or formed which band?
Whose first husband was a policeman called Jim Dougherty?
What is the 'Pritzker Prize' awarded for?
Mike Joyce, Johnny Marr, Stephen Morrisey and Andy Rourke were members of which pop group?
The 'Scharnhorst' and the 'Prinz Eugen' defied the Royal Navy to sail the length of the English Channel when escaping from Breste in 1942. Which other German battlecruiser was involved in the escape?
The painting by Millais entitled 'Bubbles' was used for many years in an advertisement for which product?
Which 1987 black comedy starred Danny de Vito and Billy Crystal with an appearance by Oprah Winfrey as 'herself'?
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?
Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?
Long Island Sound separates Long Island from which American state?
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?
What was the name of the American President played by Martin Sheen in the TV series 'The West Wing'?
What is the capital of Taiwan?
Which company first sponsored the big wheel called 'The London Eye'?
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?
Which motor manufacturer produces the 'Sharan' model?
With a surface area of 56km2, which Scottish loch is, in terms of surface area, the second largest inland body of water in Great Britain?
Donald Neilson was a notorious figure in the 1970's, but how was he better known?
Nouakchott is the capital of which Islamic African republic?
Ilich Ramirez Sanchez was a notorious figure in the 1970's. How was he better known?
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?
In which modern day country was the ancient city of Carthage situated?
Three Liverpool players were in the 1966 England World Cup winning squad. Roger Hunt and Ian Callaghan were two – who was the third?
Which Gilbert & Sullivan operetta has the subtitle “The Statutory Duel”?
Who created the cartoon character Hagar the Horrible?
Which geological period is named after an ancient tribe which once inhabited South Wales?
How is the prince described in the title of the 1911 ballet music composed by Bela Bartok?
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?
What breed of dog is Marmaduke in the newspaper cartoon strip of that name?
The title of the play Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw comes from the opening words of the Aeneid by which Roman poet?
Which composer of the opera The Bartered Bride died on this date in 1884?
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?
What is the name of the warm dry wind that blows on the est side of the Rocky Mountains in North America, usually in winter and spring?
In which gentlemen's club did Phineas Fogg make the bet that he could travel around the world in eighty days?
What is the name of the character played by Nicole Kidman in the film 'Moulin Rouge'?
Who did 'Eastenders' character 'Dot Cotton' marry in 2001?
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?
Who were the first ever winners of the FA Cup, in 1872?
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?
Name the first monarch of the House of Lancaster?
What word connects bermuda with a Scottish Racecourse?
Napoleon called this the 'Battle of Mont Saint Jean', by what name do we know it?
In Greek mythology, who was the mother of Perseus visited by Zeus disguised as a shower of gold?
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?
Who was the Liberal Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1855 to 1858?
Whose state in Virginia was requisitioned to build Arlington Cemetery?
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?
What is the name of the hybrid dog, or designer breed, which is a cross of a Labrador and a Poodle?
The legal year is divided into four terms. Which term runs from January to April?
The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?
Which BBC2 comedy is set around the church of St Saviours in the Marshes in Hackney?
What was the first name of Queen Victoria?
The Tripitaka is a collection of whose religious teachings?
Who coined the term Rock and Roll?
In which musical would you hear the song Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas?
To which order of monks does or did Pope Francis belong?
Name the year: John F Kennedy was elected president; U-2 spy plane was shot down and Hollywood actor Clark Gable died?
What name was given to the day of serious conflict in Londonderry on January 30th 1972?
Which film finds Mike Myers deeply suspicious about his newly-married wife's skills with a meat cleaver?
What is analysed by, and of special interest to, a 'Graphologist'?
An American aided coup in Chile in 1973, deposed which President?
Nebuchadnezzar was the ruler of which ancient kingdom (606-562 BC)?
The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?
For which bank was Nick Leeson working at the time of his criminal dealings?
First published in 1791, which was the world’s first Sunday newspaper?
What was the name of the character played by Michael Caine in a total of five films, the first of which was ‘The Ipcress File’?
In which Hampshire village is the National Motor Museum?
Which is the smallest bird of the crow family?
The second largest town or city of which country is Esch-sur-Alzette?
Whose 2014 best-selling novel ‘Be Careful What You Wish For’ is the fourth in the Clifton Chronicles series?
Dr Paul Gachet was the subject of two famous paintings by which artist?
Estelle Parsons won a best supporting actress Oscar for her role in which 1967 film?
Which company produces the supermini car the Ypsilon?
“Tis Herself’ published in 2005 was the autobiography of which Irish-American actress?
Who is the lexicographer, adjudicator, and longest-serving member of the on-screen team on Countdown?
Who wrote the novel The Naked and the Dead?
Which British Victorian writer lived with George Lewes for 24 years but never married him?
Famous as a presenter on TV-am with Anne Diamond, who is the chairman of Luton Town FC?
The Tropic of Capricorn crosses the west coast of South America in which country?
Which England cricket captain had a row with umpire Shakoor Rana at Faisalabad in December 1987?
What was Tony Blair’s constituency?
Which football team plays its home games at Portman Road?
Which Italian sauce for pasta contains tomato, black olives, capers, anchovies and red peppers? The name translates as 'whore’s style'?
In the 1972 film Cabaret, Sally Bowles is working in which club?
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"
In which country would you find the temple of Angkor Wat?
Lady Jane Grey was the great grand-daughter of which English king?
Mary Surratt was executed having been found guilty of the conspiracy to assassinate who?
In which county is Highgrove House the residence of the Prince of Wales?
Which king, born in 1457, was the last king of England to be born in Wales?
Who wrote the novel The Thom Birds?
Ferrybridge Services are located on which UK motorway?
Who wrote the novel The Life of Pi?
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?
The adjective leporine relates to which animal?
The 1999 film 10 Things I Hate About You starring Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles is a modern version of which Shakespeare play?
Which King of England is buried in Gloucester Cathedral?
The office of the President of which South American country is La Casa Rosada (The Pink House)?
Who has been announced as the next presenter of QI?
The storyline of which 1994 Disney animated film is based on the Shakespearean tragedy Hamlet?
Which actor played the part of Ross Poldark in the BBC’s mid 1970’s television series?
In which body of water are the Mascarene Islands?
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?
"The last 3 holes of which golf course are named ""Redbud"", ""Nandina"" and ""Hotly""?"
What was the name of the country prior to being renamed as Namibia?
The Gulf of Carpentaria is an inlet on the north coast of which country?
"Who wrote the trilogy of books ""The Millennium Trilogy"" featuring the character Lisbeth Salander?"
Who has been Secretary of State for Work and Pensions since May 2010?
Who composed the 1965 choral work Chichester Psalms?
In which European city was the world's first ghetto?
In which city will the 2020 Summer Olympics be held?
Which Government post is held by Chris Grayling?
Which fruit is also known as the alligator pear?
Which sport had previously been known as Whiff Whaff and Gossima?
On which racecourse is the Welsh Grand National run each December?
Who was the main female singer with the groups Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship and Starship?
Alan Minter was World boxing champion at which weight?
Which 1968 film featured the 3rd Foot and Mouth Regiment of soldiers?
In the TV series Doctor Who, who was the creator of the Daleks and arch enemy of the Doctor?
What is the distinguishing feature of an animal described as ‘palmiped’?
To within a year either side, in which year was the complete English FA Cup Final first shown live on television?
Who painted ‘Le dejeuner sur I’herbe’ in 1863?
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?
The 1810 betrothal of Princess Theresa to Crown Prince Ludwig not only resulted in the meadow where the event took place to be named Theresienwiese but also started what?
A tourist attraction near Alliance, Nebraska created by Jim Reinders using vintage cars is styled after what monument?
What is the term used for a driver on Memorial Day weekend attempting to race in the Indianapolis 500 during the day and the Coca-Cola 600 during the night?
The festival of Naadam that features wrestling, archery and horse-racing is an annual event of what land-locked country?
In 1914 a paleontologist suggested that what legend might have originated from Greeks interpreting the nasal cavity in the skull of prehistoric dwarf elephants as a large single eye-socket?
Akira Yoshizawa, to whom Google paid a tribute with a doodle of folded letters on March 14, 2012 is said to have elevated what craft into an art form?
The medieval practice of appointing a cardinal who was a nephew of a pope gives us which English word that means bestowing favors to relatives/friends?
Typically worn in rural areas while hunting, what type of hat became a stereotypical head wear of a detective because of its association with Sherlock Holmes?
What is the name given to a sculpted female figure serving as an architectural support taking the place of a column or a pillar?
What type of 'helpful' businesses operate on the basis of the Rochdale Principles that were formulated in 1844?
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?
Named for a Greek muse and currently given by the Nielsen Company, what are the awards given to reward creative excellence in advertising and design?
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!
In the 2014 zombie comedy Life After Beth, a character takes offense when asked about zombies just because she is from what country?
"Commenting on the death of screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala in April 2013, which film company issued the statement ""The passing of our two-time Academy Award winning screenwriter is a significant loss to the global film community.""?"
The documentary Lousy Little Sixpence (1983) and the feature-film Rabbit-Proof Fence (2002) focus on 'Stolen Generations' in which country?
Who according to the title of a 1992 novel was 'Count Lazzio de Almasy'?
Who composed both 'Merrie England' and 'Tom Jones'?
Which famous British actor is/was married to Anouk Aimee?
Who was Prime Minister of China from 1949 to 1976?
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?
Between 1959 and 1967 which city was the capital of Pakistan (Islamabad was being built)?
In a car, what can be an 'SU', a 'Weber', or a 'Zenith'?
Which 19th century British novelist, who worked as a Surveyor for the Post Office, was reputedly instrumental in the introduction of the pillar box in 1852?
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?
Who was hanged in 1962 for the murder of Michael Gregson?
In what US state is Mount Rushmore?
In which Children's book does the character Wilbur the Pig appear?
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?
In which county is Dunstanburgh Castle?
What was the forename of the composer of the 'Bolero', which featured in the film '10' starring Bo Derek and Dudley Moore?
Of what is Malocology the scientific study?
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?
Who became the first BDO Women's World Darts Champion in 2001, winning her sixth world title in January 2006?
Which group recorded the 1976 album 'Rastaman Vibration'?
A 'Tope', also known as a 'Stupa', is a domed structure erected as a burial place in which religion?
Which hymn, based on Psalm 90, by Isaac Watts to a tune by William Croft, is particularly associated with Rememberance Sunday?
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?
According to the Bible, what was Eve made from?
'Whole Lotta Love', 'Yellow Pearl', 'The Wizard', and 'Get Out Of That' have all been theme tunes to which television programme?
"Correct this quotation from FD Roosevelt.""The only thing we have to fear is the enemy""?"
In 1942, which town was destroyed by Nazis in reprisal for the assassination of Reinhard Heydrick?
Who was the last man to wim the Men's Singles Championship at Wimbledon prior to Roger Federer?
Who founded the 'Quakers' in the 17th century?
Which manufacturer produced a motor cycle called the 'Dominator'?
In which novel by Charles Dickens does 'Miss Cornelia Blimber' appear?
Which US statesman is on the $100 bill?
Which US state is called 'Old Dominion'?
Who was the President of France at the time of the Falklands War?
What is the nationality of Manchester City's £27 million striker Edin Dzeko?
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?
Which dish, consisting of toast, bacon, poached egg and Hollandaise sauce, is named after a 19th century New York stockbroker?
Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?
Which English town was awarded city status in March this year?
Two of Peter O'Toole's nominations for Best Actor 'Oscar' were for playing which English king in two different films?
Although both her parents are Australian, in which US state was Nicole Kidman born?
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?
What is the name of the dog in Jerome K Jerome’s ‘Three Men in a Boat’?
Whose horse was called Incitatus?
Which saint was known as “The Apostle of the Indies”?
Nicknamed “Old Grog”, which 18th century Admiral ordered the watering down of Royal Navy rum rations?
How many Enigma Variations did Edward Elgar compose?
Which writer created the detective Charlie Chan?
"What is ""Too much money chasing too few goods""?"
The battle of 'Flodden Field' took place in which English county?
'Sir Oliver Martext' is avicar in which of Shakespeare's comedies?
Which art gallery is in Trafalgar Square?
Which unit of weight, equal to one gram per 9,000 metres, is used to measure the fineness of nylon?
In which country is the Eurovision Song Contest to be held later this month?
Also a plumber, what is the name of 'Super Mario's' older brother?
Elected in 2008, who is the current Prime Minister of New Zealand?
Based on a true story, which 2008 film starred Keira Knightley as the tragic Georgiana Cavendish?
Winning 102 caps between 1988 and 202, who is the Republic of Ireland's most capped player?
Which village in south-central Scotland became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2001?
In which country would you find the wine-producing region known as 'Casablanca Valley'?
Who played the title role in the TV series 'The Rockford Files'?
Who is the valet to 'Phileas Fogg' in the novel 'Around The World In Eighty Days'?
Which 2009 Terry Pratchett novel features 'Mustrum Ridcully' setting up a University football team?
Haiti and the Dominican Republic share which island?
At what age does an individual first become entitled to a free TV licence?
Who was British Prime Minister at the time of the first Aldermaston ban the bomb march?
What species of fly has the Latin name calliphora vomitoria?
What was introduced by the Volstead Act?
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?
Which physicist's principle asserts that the momentum & position of a particle cannot both be precisely determined at the same time?
Who wrote the original novel 'The Phantom of the Opera' in 1910?
For which county did W G Grace play cricket for most of his career?
For which county did Ted Dexter play cricket for most of his career?
The six series of which sitcom featuring Richard O'Sullivan, Paula Wilcox and Sally Thomsett were first broadcast in the 1970s?
"In which year was the radio serial ""The Archers"" first broadcast nationally?"
The 27 episodes of which sitcom featuring Julia Mckenzie, Anton Rodgers and Ballard Berkley were first broadcast in the 1980s?
Who presents the BBC4 cerebral quiz show 'Only Connect'?
John Crome was the main artist of which group of English painters, named after the city where he was born?
Which choral work by Handel, still used at coronations, was written originally for the Coronation of King George II in 1727?
La Soufriere is an active volcano situated on which West Indian island?
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?
Nagaland is a constituent state of which SE Asian country?
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?
Who originally provided the voice for TV's 'Basil Brush'?
Name the year: Kate Middleton is born; Mail on Sunday first published; Laker Airways collapsed
What is Canada's most populous province?
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?
Which British comic included Desperate Dan and Korky the Cat?
Who was Pope during most of the 1914-18 Great War, succeeding Pius X in September 1914?
The line 'The mirror crack'd from side to side' comes from which poem?
"Who presents ""The Unbelievable Truth"" on BBC Radio 4?"
Which island nation lost a day in Dec. 2011 by moving the International Date Line to their east?
Which Sanskrit word appears as a concept in both Buddhism and Hinduism, etc., and means Law or Natural Law?
Who hosts the ITV show 'Take Me Out'?
Which coastal West African country borders only Guinea and Liberia?
King Charles II nicknamed which US state (then colony) 'Old Dominion' for its loyalty to the Crown during the Commonwealth?
Which Roman Emperor succeeded his father Vespasian in 79?
Which US state was admitted to the Union in 1876, hence its nickname of 'the Centennial State'?
Which group was founded by Steve Marriott, Ronny Lane, Kenney Jones and Jimmy Winston, Winston soon being replaced by Ian McLagan?
In 2001 which movie was the first winner of the Best Animated Movie Oscar?
The Griffith Observatory is situated in what US City?
The Radio 5 Live show 'Fighting Talk' is hosted by which presenter?
What country borders only Romania and Ukraine?
What is an alternative name for vitamin B9, essential in promoting cell growth, particularly during pregnancy?
The Pilgrimage of Grace was a popular uprising in 1536, led by Robert Aske, in which city did it take place?
Andrew Robson writes a daily column for The Times on what topic?
The bones of King Richard III have been discovered under a car park in which English city?
In Rugby Union, how high, in metres, is the crossbar?
Which optical toy was first patented in 1817 by David Brewster?
Who was the narrator in the novel `Moby Dick'?
Which art movement was pioneered by Pablo Picasso and George Braque?
Who was the founder of Sikhism?
The youngest gold medalist for team GB at the 2012 Olympics, Jade Jones, won in which sport?
With regard to book titles, if TDVC is 'The Da Vinci Code', which E L James book is F S 0 G?
In 1966, Germany and England played in the World Cup final for which sport?
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?
Which bass guitarist with the Animals became the manager of Jimi Hendrix?
Which female singer won her second Mercury Music Prize in 2011 for her album let England Shake'?
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?
Which Scotsman became the first European to reach the River Niger in 1796?
Otology is a branch of medicine concerned with which part of the body?
In Channel 4's 1987 adaptation of Tom Sharpe's novel 'Porterhouse Blue', who played the part of Skullion the Head Porter?
Who wrote the 1984 Booker Prize winning novel 'Hotel Du Lac'?
Which European country has the same flag as Chad - a blue, yellow and red tricolour?
Which American motor manufacturer's logo is the head of a ram?
What was the name of the car ferry that capsized whilst leaving Zeebrugge in 1987?
On a rail journey from London to Edinburgh from what London terminus station do you depart?
What is the pen-name of the gossip columnist in the Daily Express, first written by Tom Driberg in 1928 and later Nigel Dempster in the 1960s?
Which artist painted 'The Laughing Cavalier'?
Which artist painted 'Monarch of the Glen'?
With which pop group is Lou Reed associated?
Which Lloyd Webber musical premiered in the US on 10th December 1993?
Who was the next British Prime Minister after Arthur Balfour?
Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Kiss You All Over?
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?
Which volcano in Tanzania is the highest mountain in Africa?
Of which African country is Niamey the capital?
Which musical featured the song The Street Where You Live?
"Who was the target of the failed ""Bomb Plot"" of 1944?"
Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Hold On To The Nights?
Who directed the classic 30s western Stagecoach?
Dave Gilmore and Roger Waters were in which rock group?
Which highway was Revisited in a classic 60s album by Bob Dylan?
Which was the only eastern bloc country to participate in the 1984 LA Olympics?
Which 90s sci fi series with James Belushi was based on Bruce Wagner's comic strip of the same name?
If I Were A Rich Man Was a big hit from which stage show?
Men Against the Sea and Pitcairn's Island were two sequels to what famous novel?
What was Truman Capote's last name before he was adopted by his stepfather?
In Lewis Carroll's poem The Hunting of the Snark, what did the elusive, troublesome snark turn into to fool hunters?
What Michelle Pfeiffer movie got a boost from the Coolio song Gangsta's Paradise?
What was President Gerald Ford's middle name?
Who was the last inmate of Spandau jail in Berlin?
In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?
Kagoshima international airport is in which country?
In which sport could the Pacers take on the Pistons?
Kim Carnes' nine weeks at No 1 with Bette Davis Eyes was interrupted for one week by which song?
Where in Canada is the Lion's Gate bridge?
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?
Where in England was actor Nigel Hawthorne born?
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?
Which musician founded the Red Hot Peppers?
Where did the Shinning Path terrorists operate?
How old was Jimi Hendrix when he died?
Which Brit broke the land speed record in 1990 in Thrust 2?
In which state was Gene Vincent born?
How was the European Recovery Program in the 1940s more commonly known?
Brandon Lee died during the making of which movie?
Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Let's Do It Again?
Who had a Too Legit To Quit Tour?
Which country does the airline TAAG come from?
Which US No 1 single came from Diana Ross's platinum album Diana?
River Phoenix died during the making of which movie?
Which artist David was born in Bradford UK?
Richard Daley was mayor of which city for 21 years?
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."
What is Osbert Lancaster best known for producing?
Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?
Who was the first US-born winner of golf's British Open?
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?
Who was the first person after Scott to reach the South Pole overland?
Which journalist first told the world about the My Lai massacre?
What is the name of Terence and Shirley Conran's dress designer son?
Which drink did The Spice Girls promote?
Who was the youngest brother in the Beach Boys?
Who first hosted Family Feud?
Who or what was Gentle Ben in the 60s TV series?
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?
Which 70s show was based on the British show Till Death Us Do Part?
On what date in 1969 did Neil Armstrong first set foot on the Moon?
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?
Who was born first, Kiefer Sutherland or Christian Slater?
To the nearest two, how many tennis Grand Slam titles did Jimmy Connors win?
Who was the Georgia Peach?
Who set fire to his guitar at the Monterey Pop festival in 19676?
Della Street was whose secretary?
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?
In which American state is the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum?
Benina international airport is in which country?
Beloved in 1999 was whose first movie since The Color Purple in 1985?
Which Star Trek star directed Three Men and a Baby?
Which sitcom star appeared on the big screening The Object of My Affection?
"Which character did Julia ""Roberts play in Steven Spielberg's Hook?"
Which US president did Anthony Hopkins play in a film whose title was simply his name?
Which movie was a biopic about the life of David Helfgott?
How many times was Boris Becker runner-up in the Men's Singles at Wimbledon?
How many times did Steffi Graf win the Ladies Singles at Wimbledon?
In which postcode area are the Wimbledon Championships held? SW15, SW17 or SW19?
Who did Top of the Pops mistakenly portray in a Dexys Midnight Runners song?
What story introduced the Cybermen?
Who played the tenth Doctor?
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?
Which actress left Eastenders for Hollywood only to flop as The Bionic Woman?
In Only Fools And Horses, Rodney Trotter shares his middle name with which London football club?
How were Dr Stantz, Dr Spengler and Dr Venkman better known in the 1980's?
General Charles de Gaulle was French President 1959 to 1969. Who succeeded him?
What is the name of the enzyme usually added to milk to coagulate it, to make "curds and whey"?
Which cheese shares its name with a Guiness Premiership rugby team that play at Welford Road?
In what year was the first episode of Doctor Who broadcast? 1959, 1963 or 1967?
What is the name of the company that owned the spaceship Red Dwarf?
Which character has been played by Jack Lord, Cec Linder, Rik Van Nutter, Norman Burton, David Hedison, John Terry, David Hedison and Jeffrey Wright?
Name the magician who first introduced us to Basil Brush.
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?
What was the name of the ferry that capsized after leaving Zeebrugge in 1987
The Flying Pickets were a British vocal group who had Christmas no1 hit in 1983. What was the title of the song.
Newspapers come is various sizes, broadsheet being the largest, and tabloid being smaller, but what name is given to the smallest size.
Which wedding anniversary is celebrated with paper
Which American female rap artist, film & television actress release a song called Paper in 1998
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?
Which American singer was born Eleanora Fagan?
Which famous woman in history had a cottage in Shottery in Warwickshire?
Who sang the theme song for the TV show 'Rawhide'?
Which sea lies between Italy and the former Yugoslavia?
In which country is the region Dalmatia?
Who was known as the Great Lover of the Silent Screen?
How is Frances Gumm the actress better known?
Who won the Best Actress Oscar for the 1988 film, The Accused?
Which  constellation contains many bright shining stars, such as Regulus?
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?
-Day in 1944 was the greatest sea-bourn invasion in history. What was the code name for the operation?
On which island are the Cuillin Hills?
Which dancer has only one notable film cameo, appearing with Sean Connery in the 1979 movie The First Great Train Robbery, breaking into a guarded station office.
What was the first name of the character played by John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever.
In which 1969 movie did Michael Caine appear with his brother Stanley.
In 1969, a man was stabbed to death by a member of the Hell's Angels at a Rolling Stones concert. Where was the concert held?
A Cuba Libre is based on which spirit
Which company were responsible for the production of the Spitfire?
What building in Scotland is said to house the Holy Grail and features prominently at the end of The Da Vinci Code?
In which sitcom did Penelope Wilton play the wife of Richard Briers?
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?
Which South African fast bowler had the nickname White Lightning
Another name for the Holy Wars between the  Christian states of Europe against the Saracens
1986 film starring Goldie Hawn as a High School football coach.
Who was the 16th president of the U.S.A.,assasinated in 1865
Which Italian explorer had ships named Nina, Pinta and Santa Maria?
Which boxer relinquished his world welterweight title after defeating Jake La Motta in 1951?
Who had chart hits which included Annie`s Song and Rocky Mountain High?
Who was the leader of the gang whose members included Benny the Ball ,Brain and Choo Choo?
Which famous resident resides at Highgrove House?
What is the currency of India?
How many avenues radiate from the Arc de Triomphe?
In which country is Dubrovnik?
The Dakar Rally (previously known as the Paris Dakar rally) is an annual event, but of which country is Dakar the capital city?
The Miller Brewing Company got its start in what U.S. city?
Which cartoon strip character first appeared in The Beano in 1951?
The Asian Tsunami or Boxing day tsunami that hit Thailand, Indonesia and many other countries happened in what year?
Following that year's April Budget, Alderman Sir Cuthbert Ackroyd, who later became Lord Mayor of London, bought the first what on 1 November 1956?
Produced between 1970 and 1974, what is a Bond Bug?
What was Jacques Cousteau's mobile oceonagraphic laboratory.
What is the name of the helicopter used to transport the President of the United States
Which queen consort of England is associated with Hever Castle in Kent?
What was the capital of the United States between 1785 and 1790??
Which fictional girls' boarding school was created by the cartoonist Ronald Searle
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
Which shipping forecast area is directly north of German Bight?
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?
Which sport requires an oval pitch and an oval ball?
Which is the most southerly country of the EU?
What was the name if the submarine lost in Liverpool Bay in June 1939?
Who was the Texas governor who was shot and wounded when John F Kennedy was assassinated?
Which TV series, filmed in and around Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, is adapted from the novels of Caroline Graham?
Which American Ivy League University is situated in Ithaca, New York State?
In the Bible, who was put to death, because King Ahab coveted his vineyard?
Harvard University is situated in which American State?
Which illness caused Edward VII's coronation to be delayed by six weeks?
"Who produces the perfumes ""Opium"" and ""Rive Gauche""?"
Botswana was known by what name until 1966?
Complete the title of the Woody Allen directed film 'Vicky Christina .
In which city is Slum Dog Millionaire set?
The 'Rumble in the Jungle' between Ali and Foreman took place in which city?
If Gordon Banks was 1, Nobby Stiles was 4, Bobby Charlton was 9, who was 16?
"From which musical does the song ""If I Ruled The World"" come from?"
What is the common name of the Boeing CH47 Helicopter?
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"
Judge Jeffreys presided over the trials of 1685 following which rebellion?
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?
Musca domestica is the scientific name for what?
Which of Dickens' novels contains the characters Mr Pecksniff and Mrs Gamp?
If you ordered carre d'agneau in a French restaurant, what would you be served?
Who was the first unseeded player to win the Men's Singles at Wimbledon?
What is the meaning of the Arabic word 'Hezbollah', the Shi'ite Muslim group?
Who was the third President of the USA?
In which modern day country was Gustav Mahler born?
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?
In which city were the 2009 World Athletic Championships held?
Which English monarch was the son of Edward the Black Prince?
Leofric of Mercia was the husband of which famous woman?
In medicine an emetic is administered to induce what?
Hamid Karzai became the first elected president of which country in 2004?
Opened in 1637, in which city was the first public opera house?
Which rugby league team is known as the Rhinos?
Which star in the constellation of Ophiuchus, is just under six light years away and the fifth closest star to Earth?
In the NATO alphabet, what word is used to denote the letter N?
What number on the BeauforT Scale equates to a gale?
The Victorian producer Richard d'Oyly Carte is most associated with the staging of whose works?
The Cesarewitch horse race is run at Newmarket during which month of the year?
Constantia, famous as a wine growing area, is a suburb of which South African city?
The name of which martial art comes from Korean words meaning 'kick fist method'?
Who was the former wife of war hero Leonard Cheshire who founded, in 1953, a charitable organisation with the emphasis on care homes and hospices?
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?
In which English city is the HQ of the Ordnance Survey?
"The musical ""Jersey Boys"" is based around the music-of-which American pop group?"
In which modern-day country is the birthplace of Buddha (Siddhartha Gautama)?
Which European capital city is located 40 miles east of Vienna?
In which year did the Battle of Gettysburg take place?
Rob Davis, Les Gray, Dave Mount and Ray Stiles are members of which pop group?
Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?
Which singer had a number 1 hit album in 2008 entitled 'Hard Candy'?
After who is the Belfast City Airport named?
Name either of the detectives featured in novels by Reginald Hill and in a TV series based on the novels?
Which Manchester born physicist won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1906 and is regarded as the founder of modern atomic physics?
Which Irish politician was known as 'The Liberator'?
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?
In the book David Copperfield what was Mr Micawber's first name?
"From which musical does the song ""Till There Was You"" come from?"
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?
"In ""The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy"" by Douglas Adams, what was the name of the computer that determined that the answer to the ultimate question of Life, the Universe and Everything was 42?"
Which group recorded the albums called 'Raintown', 'Fellow Hoodlums' and 'Homesick'?
What was the actor Richard Burton's real surname?
Which stretch of water separates Australia from New Guinea?
In which Cornish town is there a branch of the Tate Gallery?
Which author's second husband was archaeologist Max Mallowan?
Who was the author of 'The Shortest Way with Dissenters' and `A Journey of the Plague Year'?
The world became aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered in which country?
Who directed the 2014 film 'Jersey Boys'?
Maurice Cole was better known as which comedian?
St John's is the capital of which Canadian Province?
Who was the only female candidate in the 2010 Labour leadership contest?
Who was Britain's last reigning Tudor Monarch?
What is the name of the river that runs through Madrid?
Who was the original drummer/singer with the Monkees pop group?
According to the World Meteorological Organisation and the UK Met Office, what is the highest number on the Beaufort scale, representing hurricane force?
After he left Barcelona, football manager Pep Guardiola went on to manage which European club in 2013?
Who was the first member of the British royal family to lie in state at Westminster Hall?
What is the principal charity for single parent families in the UK?
In what year did the five founding members of OPEC hold their first meeting?
In which Dickens' novel does lawyer Mr Jaggers appear?
Which American state has been nicknamed the Equality State because in 1869 it granted voting rights to women as well as men?
Wicket-keeper Matt Prior, currently part of the England team plays for which county?
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?
Michael Winner was famous as the director of which series of films?
Which Liverpool street was named as 'The Great Street 2013' in the National Urbanism Awards?
Which group recorded the 90s albums 'Nevermind' and 'In Utero'?
In which US state is Green Bay?
Which charity was founded in London in 1961 following the publication of the article 'The Forgotten Prisoners' in 'The Observer'?
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?
Which order of insects includes the true flies, mosquitoes, gnats and midges?
Who wrote the operas Oedipus Rex and The Rake's Progress?
Prior to Andy Murray who was the last British player to contest a tennis Grand Slam singles final?
Who hosts Radio 4's quiz I'm Sony I Haven't a Clue?
The A57 road runs from Liverpool to which English town or city?
Which river flows into the North Sea at Hamburg?
How is the tree Fraxinus excelsior more commonly known?
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?
Who was the conservative candidate beaten by Ken Livingstone in the first two elections for Mayor of London?
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?
Who is the current presenter of BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs?
Which fruit is known as ananas in French?
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?
What is the more familiar name for the aromatic gum resin olibanum?
In Egyptian mythology, of what is Nut the goddess?
In which of Thomas Hardy's novels is Bathsheba Everdene the heroine?
On which river is Shrewsbury?
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?
'Eureka', the National Children's Museum is in which town?
What is the name of the fuel depot near Hemel Hempstead that caught fire in December 2005?
In Greek Mythology, who is the father of Odysseus?
Which famous London Building was completed in 1951 from a design by Hugh Casson?
Jackdaw's Castle is the headquarters of which renowned National Hunt Trainer?
Who is the only dwarf in the Disney tale of Snow White who wears spectacles?
According to Greek legend, who was the wife of Odysseus?
The Andaman Sea is part of which ocean?
The first session of the United Nations General Assembly was convened in January 1946, in which city?
The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?
"What does the Gaelic phrase ""Sinn Fein"" mean?"
Broxtowe District Council is in which English county?
Who designed the Volkswagen Beetle?
Where does Rupert Bear live?
Who played the wife of Alf Garnett on TV?
In which town did the Co-operative Movement begin?
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?
Which clothing firm shares its name with a 1971 Academy Award winning film starring Gene Hackman?
Which is the only US state divided into parishes?
To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?
Which Shakespeare comedy is set in Messina, Italy?
Batavia is the former name of which Asian capital city?
Which internet site was founded in 1999 by Steve and Julie Pankhurst?
Which US state is nicknamed The Equality State?
Which US State is nicknamed The Beaver State?
Which organisation was founded in Ontario, Canada in 1897 by Adelaide Hoodless?
Which is the first of the four stations on a standard Monopoly Board after passing Go?
In which New York Borough is Central Park situated?
In 1959, for which film did David Niven win his only Academy Award?
What was the name of the teddy bear mascot of speed record holder Donald Campbell?
What was the Russian City of Nizhny Novgorod called between 1932 and 1990?
What was the first name of Tory politician Enoch Powell?
What part of the human body is known by doctors as the pollex?
In which European City did the Peace Palace open in 1913?
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?
Name the private gardens adjoining Windsor Castle which housed the Royal Mausoleum, the burial place of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert?
Cardonagh, the most northerly town in Ireland is in which county?
Which island off Cape Cod was once the site of the world's biggest whaling port?
Defence Secretary Liam Fox resigned in October 2011, who was his best-man and adviser whose presence at many official engagements led to the resignation?
In November 2011, Wigan rugby league player Sam Tomkins made his rugby union debut in a 'one-off' game playing for which team?
Which rugby league team will play at Langtree Park in 2012?
Who was the friend of Little Jackie Paper?
Who was the first overseas manager to win the Premier League title?
Actress and writer Dulcie Gray was married to whom?
Which Verdi opera is based on La Dame aux Camellias by Alexandre Dumas fils?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan opera has the alternative title 'The Lass that Loved a Sailor'?
In what year did Pope John Paul II die?
Which British prime Minister wrote two novels 'Coningsby' and 'Sybil' in the 1840s?
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?
In French cookery what name is given to a Béchamel sauce with shredded or grated cheese?
Elizabeth Gaskill based her fictional village 'Cranford' on which place in Cheshire?
Who discovered the planet Uranus?
As at 2010 who is the MP for Belfast West?
The March sisters are the central characters in which 1868 novel?
"What was the name of the dog in the novel 'Three Men in a Boat""?"
Highclere Castle in Hampshire is the filming location for which current ITV1 series?
Which island produces Marsala wines?
Slivovitz is a brandy distilled from which fruit?
Britain's first jet fighter, The Meteor was made by which company?
Hans Langsdorff commanded which pocket battleship in WWII?
'Citizen Smith' was the creation of which TV writer?
What name connects 'Cold Comfort Farm, stamp collecting and ancient Rome?
Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI created which principality in 1719?
Which lake in the Lake District is separated from Crummock Water by a narrow alluvial flat?
Which jockey, later famous in another sphere, rode Devon Loch in the 1956 Grand National?
Which teacher taught Helen Keller to communicate?
The River Jordan flows into which sea?
What was Shakespeare's shortest play - written in 1594?
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?
Which French winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, famously dedicated it to his primary school teacher?
Who, in 1434, painted 'The Marriage of Giovanni Arnolfini' which now hangs in the National Gallery, London?
What was the name of John Bunyan's autobiography, written in Bedford Gaol and published in 1666?
How many characters are there in the Russian Cyrillic alphabet?
"The song ""Consider Yourself"" is from what musical?"
The port of Immingham is to be found on which estuary?
Which architect designed the new London building known as the 'Shard'?
Name the year; Dunblane massacre, IRA bomb in Manchester city centre, the first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep, was born?
What was the capital of West Germany from 1949 to 1990?
Arthur Seaton is the hero of which 1958 novel set in Nottingham?
Who was the suffragette killed during the 1913 Derby?
What was the title of Status Quo's first UK No. 1 hit?
Libya was a colony of which country from 1911 to 1947?
What was the name of the democratic government of Germany in the 1920s and early 1930s, destroyed by Adolf Hitler?
What is the maximum number of raised dots in a cell in Braille?
Which square in Cairo became the focal point for the uprising against President Mubarak?
Operation Barbarossa, Hitler invades Russia.
What was the French sounding winner of the 2011 Epsom Derby?
Which artist's-works include Sunflowers and Pears and Street in Tahiti?
Which European country's flag is a blue cross on a white background?
Metz is the capital of which region of France?
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?
Dmitri, Ivan and Alexei are the eponymous central characters of which 1880 novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky?
Who is the present Prime Minister of the Irish Republic?
Which Championship Football League club is based at the King Power Stadium?
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?
Whose 1995 best seller argues that our universe is part of a super universe?
Tybalt is a character in which of Shakespeare's plays?
"From which musical film does the song ""Wooden Heart"" come?"
If a cricket match is curtailed because of inclement weather, what system is used to determine a result?
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?
What was the stage name of singer/actor Terence Nelhams?
"In economics, whose law states that, ""Bad Money Drives Out Good""?"
"Who played the title role in the 1955 film, ""The Man From Laramie""?"
"""The Sound of Music"", in 1959, was the last Broadway musical of which famous duo?"
Which is the only element, from the group known as the Halogens, which is liquid at room temperature?
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?
Where are the headquarters of Interpol?
Who was the brother of the Bronte sisters?
What is the name of Beethoven's only opera?
Which city was the subject of the 1949 song 'Dirty Old Town' by Ewan McColl?
Which US comic superhero has the real name Steve Rogers?
With which orchestra was Arthur Fiedler (who died in 1979) most associated?
Who was appointed as England's first astronomer royal?
To which family of birds do sparrows belong?
"The musical ""Les Miserables"" is based on whose novel?"
Who was the first American President to live in the White House; he moved there in 1800?
What is the more common name for birds of the Troglodytidae family?
Which English clergyman/chemist discovered oxygen?
Who swam the Hellespont every night to meet Hero?
Blinky, Pinky, Inky, and Clyde are four ghosts in which arcade game?
There are two forms of classical Japanese theatre, 'Noh' is mostly spoken, but what name is given to the singing and dancing form?
What was the code name for the British retreat from Dunkirk in World War 2?
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?
Which group has had hits with the albums 'Hopes and Fears', and `Under the Iron Sea'?
Hannibal Hayes and Kid Curry were the central characters in which 1970s American TV series?
Who was the last British male to reach the final of a Grand Slam tennis singles tournament?
Who was Poet Laureate from 1850 to 1892?
Who was the German born private astronomer to George 3rd?
Who wrote the book 'Elmer Gantry'?
What is the common name of the garden weed urtica dioica?
Who was the deviser, producer and director 'That Was The Week That Was'?
Who became President of the USA following the assassination of William McKinley in 1901?
In which English county was Henry 1st born?
What is the name of the lake formed in 1932 when the Zuider Zee was cut off from the North Sea by a dyke?
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?
Name the Archbishop of Canterbury who was burnt at the stake in 1556?
Who was the first Tsar of all Russia?
Which perennial herb is also known as milfoil?
An encephalogram is an X-Ray photograph of which part of the human body?
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"
Named from the Gaelic for elbow, what is the name of the Irish bagpipes played by squeezing air with the arm?
For what role in the film musical 'Chicago' did Catherine Zeta Jones win the Best Supporting Actress Oscar?
"Sting's 2006 album ""Into the Labyrinth"" is a collection of songs by John Dowland who was a 16th-17th century virtuoso on what instrument?"
What is the name of the long narrow island off the east coast of Russia?
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?
On a computer keyboard you need to press 'shift' and which number to produce the £ sign?
What was the name of the home of the Norse gods?
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?
"In the TV series, ""The Rockford Files"", which actor played Rockford's father, ""Rocky""?"
On which West Indian island did the Calypso originate?
On T.V. who played Frank Cannon?
"Who played the part of Hilda Ogden for many years in the TV series, ""Coronation St""?"
"Who wrote the TV series ""Pennies From Heaven"", and ""The Singing Detective""?"
Which South African soldier / statesman fought against the British in the Boer War, then on the side of the allies in both World Wars, and was instrumental in the founding of the League of Nations in 1919?
In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.
Which Dr. Who villain has been played by Roger Delgado, Anthony Ainley, Eric Roberts, etc?
Sir William Herschel discovered which planet, calling it 'George's Star', in honour of King George the Third?
What name is given to the gap between the A and B rings of Saturn, after the Italian astronomer who first discovered it in 1675?
Ingvar Kamprad, one of the world's richest men, founded which company in the 1940's?
Which racecourse, home to the King George VI steeplechase, is situated at Sunbury on Thames?
Alan Coren, who died in 2007, and Sandi Tostvig were rival captains on which TV game show?
Which media mogul married actress Jane Fonda in 1991, the marriage ending in divorce ten years later?
Which adjective is used when pertaining to the fox?
The rather exotic cathedral, on Red Square, in Moscow, is dedicated to which saint?
What are Merapi in Indonesia, Rabaul in Papua New Guinea and Ruapehu in New Zealand?
Which year saw the assassination of US President James Garfield?
What was set at 3 groats per household in 1380 and caused social unrest?
What is the current occupation of rock singer Bruce Dickinson?
Which amphibian did the ancients believe could live in fire?
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?
Which cigarette manufacturer used to boast of its tobacco ‘It’s Toasted’?
In which London thoroughfare is The Monument?
Stella Rimington was the first female head of which organisation?
JB Who wrote the novel ‘Greenmantle’?
Which is the highest mountain in North America?
Which crop is attacked by the Colorado Beetle?
Which medical condition is sometimes known as Daltonism?
Which famous individual created the 'Blue Peter' sailing ship logo?
Under what name did the Japanese car company Nissan formerly sell its cars in the UK?
Which is the highest position in the Metropolitan Police?
Which Shaw play is set during the 1885 Serbo-Bulgarian War?
Which Michael Frayn play features a ‘play within a play’ entitled Nothing On?
There were three major sieges in the Boer War – Mafeking, Kimberley and which other?
At which battle of 2 December 1805 did Napoleon defeat a combined Austrian-Russian army?
Which Orbison number was used in the David Lynch cult classic of 1986 Blue Velvet?
Which title character was named Dolores Haze?
In England he’s a barrister – what is he in Scotland?
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?
Which bird was once called apteryx?
Yarg and gevrik are cheeses from which county?
Pantagruel was the son of which giant?
In the computer world what company is nicknamed Big Blue?
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?
Who wrote the 19th century novel ‘Anna Karenina’?
In ‘The Pink Panther’ films, what is the name of Clouseau’s manservant?
Pr is the symbol for which chemical element, atomic number 59?
Which chemical compound is the active ingredient in agricultural lime?
Which ‘P’ was the last king of Troy, according to Greek mythology?
In the film ‘High Noon’, who has sworn to kill Will Kane (Gary Cooper)?
In which city are the administrative headquarters of the county of Cornwall?
Where in Europe is the Attila Line a major divide?
Which article has parts called - cantle, skirt, flap and pommel?
Which King of Macedon a great military leader was reputedly never defeated in battle?
Which cartoon title character has a friend called Captain Haddock?
Which hit programme is filmed in a tent at Harptree Court in Somerset?
The Combination Acts of 1799-1800 were repealed in 1824 – what had they banned?
I Drove All Night in 1993 was the last solo UK chart entry for which singer?
Which 1976 Nobel laureate popularised Monetarist theory?
Saloth Sar was the real name of which infamous dictator?
Whose first appearance as James Bond was in The Living Daylights?
To which organisation, formed in Tennessee in 1865, was Brian A Scates elected as Leader and President in 1867?
To whom is Gwyneth Paltrow married?
The characters Denisov and Dolokhov appear in which famous novel?
In May, in which US state were three kidnapped women discovered and freed?
‘Hampsteads’ is Cockney rhyming slang for what?
Pulex irritans is the Latin name for which insect?
Which musical term means ‘very loud’?
The TV characters Jack Ford, Trevor Chaplin and Jack Halford link which actor?
On what can Gypsum, Calcite, Fluorite, Apatite and six others be classified?
Sofia Helin returned on BBC4 in the third series of which Scandinavian drama?
In the tv sitcom ‘Allo Allo!’, what was Rene’s surname?
Who declared the 1936 summer Olympic Games open? (Both names required.)
The books were Alice and Jerry in the USA – what were they here?
Amanuensis is an archaic word for what profession?
Which company was built into a world-wide organisation by Ray Kroc?
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?
Which torture chamber was invented by George Orwell?
Cagliari is the capital of which island?
When first discovered what name was given to Tasmania?
Red Grant was a villain in which James Bond movie?
Whose head was stuck on the roof of parliament after his body had been exhumed?
What are the French speaking citizens of Belgium called?
Which 2013 film is a development of the 1964 film ‘Mary Poppins’?
Who was King of England in the year 1300?
Which National Park includes the Black Mountains and Usk Valley?
Which musical instrument is Albert Schweitzer known to have played?
Josiah Bartlet was a central character in which U.S. TV drama series?
Wookey Hole is part of which range of hills?
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?
Who had a top 40 hit UK single in 1966 with Mustang Sally?
According to the rules of golf, what is the maximum number of golf clubs that a player is permitted to carry in his bag?
In which range of hills is the Cheddar Gorge?
Which vegetable has the Latin name alium cepa?
in 1990 which boxer became the first to knock out the previously undefeated Mike Tyson and become WBA World Champion?
In the Old Testament Goliath was a member of which race?
In 2006, who became the UK's first woman Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs?
In which Yorkshire town is the Harlow Carr RHS Gardens situated?
"""Known to the Danish as Godthab, what is the capital of Greenland?"
Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?
Bulls Eye, Inverted Jenny and Basel Dove are types of what?
With which sport do you associate the Coventry bees?
Which hymn traditionally closes The Last Night of the Proms?
Bill Wyman has had the highest chart entry of any of the Rolling Stones as a solo artist in the UK charts, with which song?
"Which is the only UK top ten single for ""The Doors"" when it wasreleased twenty years after Jim Morrison's death?"
"Son of a famous singer, who directed the films ""Moon"" and ""Source Code""?"
Which Roman historian was the son-in-law of Agricola the Roman Governor of Britain?
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?
"Which character did Robert De Niro portray in the film ""Taxi Driver"""
What type of creature is a fennec?
In which country are the wine producing regions Huasco Valley and Choapa Valley?
With which sport were the players Peter Nicol and Jahangir Khan associated?
Which US group of the 1970s consisted of Dewy Bunnell, Dan Peek and Gerry Beckley and had hits including Tin Man and Sister Golden Hair?
What sport do you associate with Francesco Molinari?
jhe BBC2 production of Wolf Hal! was based on the novels by Hilary Mantel - one was Wolf Hall, name the other.
Which vitamin is also known as Niacin or Nicotinic Acid?
Who wrote the 1911 opera ‘Der Rosenkavalier’?
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?
In the Old Testament book of Judges, who is the son of Manoah?
b Who was the tallest British Prime Minister of the 20th century?
Who is associated with the words ‘Live long and prosper’?
Of which sculptor was it said on his gravestone to be a loss to the Cafe Royal?
In which country were the 2015 European Games held?
Which film starring Reese Witherspoon had the same title as a hit by Lynyrd Skynyrd?
What was James Herbert’s first book, published in 1974?
Who wrote the book Don Quixote?
The main characters in which TV programme had the surnames Geller, Green, Bing, Buffay, Tribbiani and Geller?
Whose third symphony is also called his ‘organ symphony’?
At which Whitechapel pub was George Cornell shot by Ronnie Kray?
On what day of the month did the Roman ‘Ides’ of March fall?
What is the name of me political party, led by Alexis Tsipras,which won the general election in Greece in January 2015?
What is measured by a Hygrometer?
"Which actress played 'Valeria"" in the film Carry On Screaming?"
What was the pre-independence name of Malawi?
How many vertices (ie corners) are there on an octahedron?
Where was New York's immigrant inspection station until 1954?
Basutoland changed its name in 1966 to what current name?
What is the capital city of Saudi Arabia?
Which 1959 film features Jack Lemmon in drag and Tony Curtis? impression of Cary Grant?
Who played Bond villain Scaramanga in The Man with the Golden Gun?
Thomas Cromwell was executed for treason after being blamed for Henry VIII?s failed marriage to whom?
Sue Nicholls who plays Gail?s mother in Coronation Street, played Joan Greengross the secretary of which character in a 1970s sitcom?
Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?
Which son of a famous drummer played drums for The Who at Glastonbury this year ? he has toured with them since 1996?
The 53.5 km Milford Track is a long-distance walk in which country?
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?
In which city did Dylan Thomas die?
Which English artist painted several views of Salisbury Cathedral in the early 19th century?
The city of Brest in modern day Belarus was once known as Brest-Litovsk, site of the 1918 treaty between Soviet Russia and the Central Powers. For what present day country did the word Litovsk refer?
Which musical features the songs If I loved you and You’ll never walk alone?
Which footballer, with 77 goals, has scored the most goals in internationals for Brazil?
Oswald Cobblepot is a devious crime-boss who is seldom seen without one of his trick-umbrellas. How is this Batman villain better known?
Which US President succeeded Grover Cleveland in 1889 and was succeeded by Cleveland in 1893?
Who succeeded Alf Ramsey as England (caretaker) football manager in 1974?
What is the capital of Uzbekistan?
The Isis is the upper reach of which British river?
What is the official language of Barbados?
Elliot Carver is the villain in which James Bond film?
Which line on the London Undergound rail system is the only line which interconnects with every other line?
James Gandolfini plays the sadistic military prison commandant Colonel Winter in which 2001 film starring Robert Redford?
Which is the largest borough in New York City?
In the children’s television series ‘Ivor the Engine’ what is the name of the dragon?
Gentoo, Adelie and Macaroni are all species of which bird?
What is the ‘lead’ in pencils made from?
What is the system of raised dots called which blind people use to read with their fingers?
In fashion Straight Cut, Boot Cut and Skinny are all types of what?
Teutophobia is the irrational fear of which country and its culture?
What is the medical term for high blood pressure?
The UK television series ‘Father Ted’ is set on which fictional island?
In April 1963, Lester Bowles Pearson became Prime Minister of which country?
What was the first name of the older sister of German-born diarist Anne Frank?
Phillip Schofield, Jason Donovan and Donny Osmond have all played the starring role in which stage musical?
Who plays Nellie Forbush in the 2001 remake of the film ‘South Pacific’?
Spelunking is the exploration of what, especially as a hobby?
The chemical compound Thujone is best known for being present in which alcoholic drink?
‘Corylus’ is the Latin name for which plant?
What is the title of the final and unfinished novel by Charles Dickens?
In the nursery rhyme ‘Oranges and Lemons’, the bells of which church said ‘You owe me five farthings’?
In which country was the 2006 FIFA World Cup held?
In the US, which state lies to the west of New Hampshire?
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?
What is the longest river in Canada?
What is the US state capital of Alabama?
The day after Shrove Tuesday is known as ‘What’….Wednesday’?
Who wrote the 1951 novel ‘From here to Eternity’?
What is the nickname of the great bell of the clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London?
In January 1971, Idi Amin deposed Milton Obote in a coup to become President of which country?
In June 1978, who became the first cricketer to score a century and take eight wickets in one inning in a Test Match?
The name Jessica was invented by William Shakespeare for which of his plays?
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?
Which bridge connects Detroit, Michigan, USA and Windsor, Ontario, Canada?
In November 1975 Juan Carlos was declared King of which European country?
Brenda Ann Spencer’s justification for opening fire at a San Diego school on January 29th 1979 inspired which song by The Boomtown Rats?
In 1610, who became the first person to observe Saturn’s rings through a telescope?
What is the ocean current that flows from Florida to Europe?
What was the only film directed by Cecil B DeMille in which actor John Wayne appeared?
In which year did students first enrol in the Open University in the UK
In the human body, which pigment is primarily responsible for the colour of skin?
Michael J Fox travels back to which year in the Wild West in the 1990 film ‘Back To The Future Part III’?
Andy Coulson resigned as editor of which British newspaper in 2007?
Jackpot Counter, Ghost Drop and Drop Zone are all terms used in which UK television game show?
Which 18th Century composer wrote ‘The Four Seasons’?
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?
What colour is a 100 Euro banknote?
‘Barwick Green’ is the theme tune to which BBC series?
Bearoff, Nullo Play and Quadrant are all terms used in which board game?
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?
In fashion, Hobble, Pencil and Dirndl are all types of what?
Confederatio Helvetica was the former name of which modern-day country?
Which British band released their debut album ‘Definitely Maybe’ in 1994?
‘The Queen was in the parlour eating bread and honey’ in which nursery rhyme?
Who plays the bounty hunter Carson Wells in the 2007 film ‘No Country For Old Men’?
The holiday resort of Paphos is on which Mediterranean island?
What is the title of the 1976 film about the Watergate Scandal, starring Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman?
During which year was Washington DC declared the capital of the USA?
Which British film, starring Ralph Fiennes, won nine Oscars in 1997?
Who played boxer Jim Braddock in the 2005 film ‘Cinderella man’?
Who plays murderous hitch-hiker John Ryder in the 1986 film ‘The Hitcher’?
Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?
Who created the Star Wars series of films?
In the Star Wars series of films what is the name of the slug-like alien who had a bounty on Han Solo, who owed him money for dumping an illegal cargo?
What is the capital of Guyana?
Which type of animal was Robin Hood in the Disney cartoon film 'Robin Hood'?
Who provided the voice for Bob The Builder on his number one hit Can We Fix It?
Who directed the films Thelma and Louise, Hannibal and Black Hawk Down?
Which serial killer is the subject of the films A Study In Terror, Murder By Decree and From Hell?
In cricket, what is the score of 111 known as?
Who wrote the novels About A Boy, How To Be Good and High Fidelity?
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?
What is the most common pub name in the UK?
What is the name of Kevin the teenager's friend played by Kathy Burke in a series of sketches with Harry Enfield?
How many scottish football league teams names end in United?
Who had a top ten hit in the UK with Cupid in 1961?
How many episodes of Prisoner: Cell Block H were made?
Who is the last English-born player to win the men's singles title at Wimbledon?
In 1976, which gymnast scored 7 maximum scores of 10 as she won three gold medals, one silver and one bronze?
In years and days, how old was Luigina Giavotti when she won a silver medal in gymnastics in 1928, and is still the youngest medal winner today?
Which Eastenders actor has played the policeman Nick Rowan on TV?
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?
In which country was Marie Curie born? Poland, Austria or Switzerland?
What is the most common blood type in humans? A, B or O?
Which King did Guy Fawkes attempt to kill with his gunpowder plot?
In which film was the song White Christmas first sung?
Which Channel 4 TV show's presenters included Mark Lamarr, Amanda De Cadenet and Terry Christian?
What is the name of the device made of wood and horsehair that is used to play a violin?
What colour is the bottom stripe on the U.S. flag?
What is the name given to the largest bee in a hive?
Who won the Ladies singles title at Wimbledon in 2004?
In which year did St George die?
Who is the Vice-President for George W Bush?
Which film sees Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, James Garner and Donald Sutherland as retired astronauts?
In a standard deck of cards, how many Kings have a moustache?
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?
Who bought Chelsea football club for £1 in 1982?
In 1998, which director's Oscar acceptance speech included the line I'm king of the world?
What nationality was the painter Vincent Van Gogh?
What is the name given to the official residence provided for the Olympic athletes?
Which film features the characters Sally Albright and Harry Burns?
Which act won the Eurovision Song Contest for the United Kingdom singing Love Shine A Light?
Which team beat American Samoa 31-0 in a qualifying match for the 2002 World Cup, but still failed to qualify?
What was the name of Roland Rat's gerbil friend?
What name is given to the home of a beaver?
What name is given to a baby marsupial?
Who dated actress Elizabeth Hurley between 2000 and 2001 and denied he was the father of her son born in 2002 before a DNA test proved otherwise?
Author Dick Francis is famous for writing novels based around which sport?
Which Scottish newspaper features the Broons and Oor Wullie?
Which famous book features the character of Bob Cratchit?
Who holds a trumpet on the album cover of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles?
The Kray twins were convicted of the murder of George Cornell in the East End of London in 1966. What was the name of the pub in which he was shot?
Who composed the musical theme for the Pink Panther?
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?
During Margaret Thatcher's years as Prime Minister, there were three Chancellors of the Exchequer. Geoffrey Howe and Nigel Lawson were two, but who was the other one?
Buddy Holly and the Big Bopper were two of the three musicians who died in a plane crash in February 1959. Who was the other one?
To which poet does Il Postino deliver mail?
Which scientist was Time magazine's "Person of the 20th Century"?
What was the nickname given to premiership footballer Neil Ruddock?
The Ducati is manufactured in which city and what country?
Wayne Rooney signed for Manchester United from which other Premiership Club?
The Yalu river forms a sort of natural border between China and which of its neighbours?
Which stand-up comedian presents 8 Out Of 10 Cats and Distraction?
Name the game show, presented by Leslie Grantham and Melinda Messenger, where contestants were set physical and mental challenges?
Who presented Family Fortunes in the two years between Bob Monkhouse and Les Dennis?
Which planet has moons named after Shakespearean characters?
Who wrote the Bourne trilogy of books, made into movies starring Matt Damon?
The Bible tells of 3 wise men visiting Jesus after his birth, but in which of the Gospels does this appear?
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.
What is the name of the plastic bit on the end of shoelaces?
The river Danube flows into which sea?
Anna Nicole Smith was controversially married to which oil billionaire?
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?
What name was given to areas of England under Viking control?
Who performed the theme song to The Man With The Golden Gun?
Tintern Abbey, made famous by Wordsworth’s poetry, stands on which river?
What nickname did the American media give to Jane Fonda during the Vietnam War?
Which Beatles offering was first shown on British TV on Boxing Day 1967?
Claude Littner is the new face in the latest series of which programme?
In which film does Andie MacDowell try to fiddle a US stay for Gerard Depardieu?
In which country is the Mekong Delta?
Who painted The Judgement of Paris, In around 1636?
Which World War 2 American general was known as 'Vinegar Joe'?
The nickname for Dumfries became the name of which Scottish football club?
Bradford and Brighton both have a newspaper called what?
Which is the most southerly of the Canadian provinces?
IBM Halt is one of nine railway stations in which Clydeside town?
'Indian Love Call' is a song from which 1924 operetta?
Luzon is an island of which country?
What is the heraldic name for the colour green?
Lloret de Mar lies on which Spanish costa?
What used to be known as the Blessed or Fortunate Isles?
Which member of the earwig family is also known as a fishmoth?
What was Margot’s surname in “The Good Life” TV series?
Conakry is the capital of which African country?
What trade did both Dick Turpin and Butch Cassidy follow?
In the Sherlock Holmes stories who was Moriarty’s second in command?
Which is the most southerly of the Shipping Forecast areas?
Which song was a UK number one for Terry Jacks in 1974 and for Westlife in 1999?
The A1 is the longest A-road in the UK. What is the longest A-road entirely in England?
Who wrote the Campus Trilogy of novels: Changing Places, Small World, and Nice Work?
According to several early Old Testament books, who led the Israelites after the death of Moses?
The eyes of Dr. T. J. Eckleberg are a dominant symbol in which 1925 novel and later films?
What part does Shirley Henderson play in the Harry Potter films?
‘When Will You Marry?’ became the world’s most expensive work of art when it was sold
Also known as the Blue Mosque, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque is in which city?
Which supermarket chain started selling straight croissants in its stores in February?
What was the first name of the poet Mr. Pope, 1688-1744?
Who retired from the ‘Eggheads’ team in May 2014?
Who wrote the 1982 novel, ‘The Prodigal Daughter’?
The prominent headland known as the Great Orme is close to which Welsh town?
What is the first name of the renowned cellist who is Andrew Lloyd Webber’s brother?
At the time the Spice Girls became famous, what was Scary Spice’s surname?
What sort of noun are words such as ‘sadness’, ‘humour’, and ‘triumph’?
P.L. Travers wrote which series of books that were turned into a famous film?
What name links an American singer and a Nottinghamshire and England cricketer?
What dark brown food paste is the Australian version of Marmite in this country?
Which planet did Gustav Holst describe as the ‘Winged Messenger’?
Which ethical cosmetics company opened its first store in Poole, Dorset in 1994?
What is connected to the European mainland by a sand Isthmus called the North Front?
In which city was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart born in 1756?
Heliculture is the farming of what for food?
Which king’s beloved son William was drowned in the tragedy of the White Ship?
Which was the first Liverpool group to top the UK chart?
In which classic novel does the character Queequeg appear?
Who was the question master in the original series of TV’s Going For Gold?
In April, which sportsman married his childhood sweetheart Kim Sears?
Thomas the Tank Engine pulled two coaches. One was Clarabel. What was the other?
“Dreams from my father, a story of race and heritance” is about which politician?
Created in 1662, In which city is Phoenix Park?
In which county will you find Fountains abbey and Studley Water Gardens?
What term is used when a clot forms in a blood vessel?
Which character was played by John Inman in “Are you being served”?
Which two countries took part in the short Kargil War in 1999?
From the Greek for ‘artificial’, what was the first synthesised chemical element?
On which Scottish island was former Labour party leader John Smith laid to rest?
Which aperitif is named for the Paris chemist who created it in 1846?
To which Greek goddess was the Parthenon on the Acropolis in Athens dedicated?
Who presented the 1980 blockbuster documentary series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage?
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?
In Shakespeare’s play what is the name of Hamlet’s mother?
Who gets Brer Rabbit in a terrible tangle in the stories by Joel Chandler Harris?
What does the Islamic term Hadj signify?
Real Love in 1996 was whose last top 10 hit in the UK?
Which prophet secretly anointed David as King of Israel?
Which counter-intelligence agency had a name meaning ‘death to spies’ in English?
Which English town/city did the Romans call Dubris?
Which magazine is produced and sold for the benefit of homeless people?
Which country was founded by Muhammed Ali Jinnah?
Which vitamin assists in blood clotting?
Clifford’s Tower is all that remains of which city’s castle?
Which knight is with Arthur at the end and throws Excalibur into the lake?
Who did Princess Anne marry in 1992?
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?
The word sacerdotal means relating to what?
Which London underground line provides a regular service to all Heathrow terminals?
Which Asian country has the Tugrik as its currency?
What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?
What Russian word means ‘restructuring’, particularly in an economic context?
Which English town is home to the Stephen Joseph Theatre?
'Nobody puts Baby in a corner.' is a line from which 1987 film?
Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?
Which river meets the sea at Fleetwood on Lancashire's Fylde coast?
In 1933, which actress starred in the original 'King Kong' movie?
Franz Liszt ended up the father-in-law to which other very famous composer?
What is the pen name of the author who created the character Fu Manchu?
Mrs Darrell Waters books were translated into 120 languages. What was her pen name?
Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?
Conventionally treated as comprising a single order, which order of mammals lay eggs?
The Art Nouveau designer Rene Lalique most famously worked in which material?
What is the name of the drag queen persona of Thomas Neuwirth, who won in 2014?
In 1968, which group recorded the L.P. ‘The Village Green Preservation Society’?
What remake of a British science-fiction serial broadcast by BBC Television in the summer of 1953 was staged live by BBC Four in 2005 with actors Jason Flemyng, Mark Gatiss, Andrew Tiernan, Indira Varma, David Tennant and Adrian Bower?
Ashkenazic and sephardic cuisines are associated with which ethnic group?
Kia Motors Corporation is nearly one-third owned by which other Asian company?
Sidney Poitier, Eartha Kitt, Val Doonican and Ferenc Puskas were all born in what year?
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?
What item of clothing do you associate with a 1979 hit song from Neil Diamond?
Who is widely credited with introducing his former wife Whitney Houston to drugs?
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?
Hamilcar Barca was the father of which famous general?
Which Scottish mathematician discovered logarithms?
The town of Vittoria and the city of Ragusa can be found on which island?
In 2009, who became the first woman to referee the World Snooker Championship final?
Who was captain of the US team for the 2014 Ryder Cup?
Which US property tycoon bought Turnberry Golf Course in April?
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?
Curacao was a colony of which country?
Which play is featured in the film The Producers?
Of what family are Onion, garlic, shallot, leek and chive?
A British newspaper was relaunched as ‘The Sun’ in 1964. What was its name prior to that?
When people talk about LGBT rights, what does the ‘T’ represent?
Harvey was one of Dr. Crippen’s first names. What was the other?
Which island in Kent is the second largest of England's isles?
Which Italian demonstrated the first modern electric battery?
In which Winter Olympics city did Torville and Dean win gold in 1984?
In which county would you find Chesil Beach?
Who was the first person in the bible to get drunk?
Which ex-World Heavyweight Champion boxer signed up for Celebrity Big Brother 2014?
The thoroughfare where fictional Sweeny Todd had his barber shop?
Which kiddies story book character is called Oui Oui in France?
Which duo are associated with the classic comedy routine “Who’s on First”?
Who played Nurse Gladys Emmanuel, Arkwright’s love interest in Open All Hours?
In which film does psychopath Annie Wilkes wield a sledgehammer to horrific effect?
Which actor, who died in June 2014, provided the voice of Captain Scarlet?
Which country singer released the 1975 concept album Red Headed Stranger?
Who produced the illustrated collection of poems Songs of Innocence and Experience?
Weighing-in at up 48 stone, who wrestled under the ring-name Giant Haystacks?
Who narrates the spoken verses on Blur’s top 10 hit ‘Parklife’?
In the year 1800, who was King of Great Britain and King of Ireland?
In the lyrics of ‘Hello, Hello, Who’s Your Lady Friend?’, Margate is mentioned in the verse.
In which African country is the popular resort of Monastir?
What was the name of the skunk in Bambi?
Which infamous character became Pope Alexander VI?
Who created the ‘A’ Line in 1955?
Which commission was set up to investigate the assassination of JFK?
Who painted Luncheon of the Boating Party?
Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?
Whose is the first tale in Chaucer’s Canterbury Tales?
Which element is integral to all organic compounds?
Whose “left hand” rule can predict the direction of motion of an electric motor?
Which confectionary manufacturer markets Galaxy milk chocolate?
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?
Where has Baroness Royall of Blaisdon led the opposition since May 2010?
At the Oscar ceremony in 2004, Sofia Coppola was up for 'Best Director' for which film?
"Which composer's operas are famously staged in the town of Bayreuth (say ""Bye-royt"")?"
Born in 1861, which famous opera singer's real name was Helen Mitchell?
Which Italian city is known as the pizza capital of the world?
Which is the only Semitic language that is an official language of the EU?
Which canal separates the Peloponnese peninsula from the Greek mainland?
Born Natalia Zacharenko, under what name did she find fame?
Who had a hit in 1966 with When a Man Loves a Woman?
"Which national anthem appears in The Beatles song ""All You Need Is Love""?"
In which disaster film do the heroes take off to the song Leaving on a Jet Plane?
After what is Fleet Street in London named?
Which whale (not James) is most commonly known as the Singing Whale?
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?
Of which Saxon kingdom was Offa a King?
Carried out by a military man it’s called Seppuku. What other name is it known by?
The love story of which writer is portrayed in the film Shadowlands?
What colour is pistachio flavoured ice cream?
Who co-founded CND with Canon Collins?
Which title characters adventures took place on the Isle of Sodor?
Proteus and Nereid are among the moons of which planet?
Which element is the main polluting substance in acid rain?
Which city is the destination of the yacht race which leaves Sydney every Boxing Day?
What is the common name for the fruit of the blackthorn?
Between 1838 and 1839, against which country did France fight the so-called Pastry War?
Which constellation has, uniquely, in Rigel and Betelgeuse, two of the ten brightest stars?
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?
Also called The Roodee, which, officially, is Britain’s oldest and shortest racecourse?
“Scandicrime” drama The Bridge is mainly set in Copenhagen and in which Swedish city?
Which “Thom” is Radiohead’s lead singer and principal songwriter?
Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?
Victoria Coren, as she then was, married whom in November 2012?
Which England cricketer was born of Anglo-Welsh parents on Christmas Day 1984?
What is the name of the one-eyed mutant and important character in ‘Futurama’?
When David killed Goliath, how many of his five stones did he use?
In which of Shakespeare’s plays does the fool Feste appear?
Who was Captain Pugwash’s bitter enemy?
Who plays Dr Nikki Alexander in the BBC’s crime drama Silent Witness?
What is a ‘mullet’ on a coat of arms?
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?
Which acid has the alternative name ‘spirits of salt’?
The husband of Lara Lewington, In which field is Martin Lewis a TV expert?
Who played the sadistic sheriff in the Clint Eastwood directed film Unforgiven?
Who was the faithless wife of King Menelaus of Sparta?
Who wrote the collection of Gothic horror stories entitled In A Glass Darkly in 1872?
The Siege Perilous was a vacant seat at what?
What is measured by a Bourdon Gauge?
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?
Which British Prime Minister married Gladys Mary Baldwin on January 1st 1940?
"The song ""Have yourself a merry little Christmas"" comes from which musical?"
What was the name of the letters that in 1566 implicated Mary Queen of Scots in the murder of her second husband, Lord Darnley?
In which town in Greater Manchester did Coronation Street actress Betty Driver sadly pass away recently?
"Published in 1900, who was the author of the children's book ""The Wonderful Wizard of Oz""?"
"Published in 1883, who was the author of the children's book ""The Adventures of Pinocchio""?"
"Who, in 1983 sang the theme song to the James Bond film ""Octopussy""?"
"Which town in Essex takes its name from the old English for Here - Wic, meaning ""military settlement""?"
In which book of the Old Testament does the destruction of the walls of Jericho occur?
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?
Which ex-politician, now aged 80, had the nickname 'The Chingford Skinhead'
Which Englsih football club play home matches at the Sports Direct Arena?
Which film of 2005, directed by Sam Mendes, is based on former marine and author Anthony Swafford and his pre Desert Storm experiences in Saudi Arabia and fighting in Kuwait?
Who won the Oscar for Best Film Director for the film Silence of the Lambs?
"""The Black Gang"" in 1922 and ""Temple Tower"" in 1929 were books that featured which fictional character created by Cyrile McNeile?"
The traditional Royal Navy game of Uckers, invented in the late 18th century was an early version of which now popular board game?
Which famous London events which occurred between April 10th and April 12th 1981 were dealt with in the Scarman report?
The A23 road connects London to which coastal resort in East Sussex?
Stretching a total of 80 miles, which is Northern Ireland's longest river?
What was the former name of Manchester airport ?
"Which Scottish actor, born in Paisley, starred in the movies ""300"", ""Law Abiding Citizen"" and ""P.S. I love you"" ?"
Who is the current Australian prime minister ?
Who was the commander of the German sixth army which fought and lost the Battle of Stalingrad ?
What are the membranes enveloping the brain and spinal cord called ?
"Which French artist, along with Picasso, was a founder of Cubism ? He designed sets for Diaghilev ballets and was awarded the Legion D'Honneur. Among his works are ""The Woman Musician"" and ""The Candlestick""."
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.
Who bought the McDonalds fast food outlet business from the McDonald brothers in 1961 and went on to build the business into a world wide billion dollar business ?
On this day, November 6th, 1924 who was elected as British Prime Minister?
A Lemur is a small primate found only on which island?
Which saint established a monastery and Christian community on the island of Lindisfarne in the year 635 ?
The name of Niccolo Paganini is associated with which instrument?
Formula 1 - On which racetrack was the World Champion Ayrton Senna killed?
Which saint established a monastery and Christian community on the island of Iona in the year 563?
Which Frenchman, a football administrator and head of FIFA from 1921 to1954 is regarded as the founder of the football World Cup?
"""The Hunchback of Notre Dame"" by Victor Hugo is one of the greatest ever French novels. What is the original French title of the book ?"
Which author created the fictional character Moll Flanders ?
"The former Tory Home Secretary Reginald Maudling is quoted as saying, ""For God's sake bring me a large scotch. What a bloody awful country"". To where was he referring ?"
"Who painted ""Girl before a Mirror"" ?"
The male of which species of white whale develops a long twisted tusk that projects through its upper lip ?
What is the chief river of Burma ?
In 1703, Isaac Newton succeeded which of his rivals as President of the Royal Society ?
In Japan, the term Mikado is an alternative name for what ?
Who takes over the important position of Governor of the Bank of England in 2013 ?
"Geography - which ""Strait"" in the Mediterranean lies between Sicily and mainland Italy ?"
In which famous musical, widely seen on the stage and made into a 1958 film, does NURSE NELLIE FORBUSH appear ?
"Which Welsh author, born in Cardiff, has written over 30 books, including ""Pillars of the Earth"", ""Fall of Giants"" and ""Capricorn One""?"
Which Christian festival day is held 40 days after the resurrection of Christ ?
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?
Who was the first leader of the Russian Federation ?
Which business organisation took over the Somerfield chain of stores ?
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?
Which is the largest city in Scandinavia by population ?
What are motorways called in Germany ?
Which historical 17th century event would you associate with the Monteagle Letter?
Which English king was married to Catherine of Braganza from 1662 to 1685?
In the 1971 Number One hit Ernie by Benny Hill, what was the name of the widow that Ernie loved who lived at 22 Linley?
In the 1971 Number One hit Ernie by Benny Hill, what was the name of Ernie's horse who was kicked by his rival, Two-ton Ted from Teddington?
The 66 mile long Shropshire Union Canal links the city of Wolverhampton to which town situated in Cheshire?
Probably best remembered as being chief presenter of ITV's News At Ten between 1976 and 1991which British journalist and broadcaster sadly passed away on July 20th 2012?
What was the more famous two word name of American singer and ukele player who had the real name Herbert Khaury. In 1968 he released a classic version of a popular song which he sang in a high pitched voice?
Give the title of the first UK No 1 hit single of the group 'Take That'?
Which group had a number one hit in 2009 with 'I Gotta Feeling'?
Cathay is a poetic name for which far eastern country?
Which 1979 science fiction film was at one time going to be called Star Beast?
The lack of which vitamin caused scurvy in the early days of the Navy ?
What in the human body are enclosed in the Pleura ?
Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?
In which year did both T-Rex's Marc Bolan and Elvis Presley die ?
Who wrote the classic ghost story The Monkey's Paw ?
Which is the most famous painting by Edvard Munch?
Who played Claude Greengrass in 'Heartbeat'?
What is the name of the heroine in the story of 'Beauty and the Beast'?
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?
Whose hit 'I Will Survive' became an anthem for Women's' Lib?
Which group had a hit in the 1980s with 'Everybody Wants To Rule The World'?
Which 1969 film, based on a stage musical, marked the directorial debut of Richard Attenborough?
"Which US President was nicknamed ""the Gipper""?"
Which famous chemist was executed in the French Revolution?
What was the name of Elvis Presley's twin brother?
Who was the first Astronomer Royal?
Who wrote the play The Three Sisters?
What is the common name for the garden flower echinacea?
By what name is the garden flowering plant hypericum commonly known?
In which African country is the Danikil Desert?
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?
In which European capital city are the Hofburg Imperial Palace and St Stephen's Cathedral to be found?
The body of which US President, who died in 1885, lies in Riverside Park in Manhattan, in the largest mausoleum in North America?
Which river enters the North Sea at Whitby in North Yorkshire?
In which part of New York city is Brooklyn situated?
Which is the highest prime number less than 100?
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?
In the Bible, where was Jesus betrayed by Judas, and subsequently arrested?
"Which Welsh actor portrays David Frost in the 2008 film, ""Frost/Nixon""?"
"In the TV series, ""Dad's Army"", what was the name of Captain Mainwaring's wife?"
In which field of the arts has American born Annie Leibovitz achieved fame?
Who succeeded Nikita Kruschev as leader of the Soviet Union in1964?
Who is the father of the twin boys born to Brooke Mueller on 14 March 2009?
From which musical does the song 'Younger than Springtime' come?
Fletcher Christian, the Bounty mutineer and the poet William Wordsworth were both born in which Cumbrian town?
Which palace, built by Cardinal Wolsey, was home to Henry 8th and is supposedly haunted by two of his wives?
The Scottish football club Ferranti Thistle joined the Scottish Football League in 1974 as Meadowbank Thistle; in 1995 they relocated and changed their name to what?
Silkworms feed on the leaves of which tree?
What was the name of the Edinburgh dog that watched over his owner's grave for 14 years?
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?
In GB Shaw's Major Barbara in which army was Barbara a major?
From which continent does the world's smallest bear the Sun Bear originate?
What is the medical name for the breastbone?
Who wrote the book His Dark Materials?
"In 1743, which English monarch began the tradition, of the audience rising to its feet, for Handel's ""Hallelujah Chorus""?"
Who is currently the Prime Minister of New Zealand?
"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"
"The novel, ""Birdsong"", by Sebastian Faulks, is mainly set during which war?"
"In 2007, who became the first female to deliver football commentary on BBC's ""Match of the Day""?"
"""A Whiter Shade of Pale"" was the 1967 debut single for which successful British band?"
In which country would you find the Plain of Jars?
According to the Bible, how many stones did David pick up before he faced Goliath?
Of what type of rock is the Rock of Gibraltar made?
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?
Which British Prime Ministers death is commemorated on 19th April, Primrose Day?
Who lived from 1895 to 1973, directing films such as the 1929 version of Stagecoach, The Grapes of Wrath and the Quiet Man?
Who in 1476 brought his painting press from Bruges to London?
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?
In which constituency did Shirley Williams become the first elected MP for the SDP?
"Which actor, best known for his role in ""The Godfather"" series of films, shares his name with a member of TV's ""Dragon's Den""?"
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?
Which American city has districts called Financial, Mission, Japantown and Richmond?
On TV who played the private eye Jim Rockford?
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?
Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?
What was the name of the older brother of Henry 8th?
Who wrote One-upmanship and The Theory and Practice of Gamesmanship?
Nine of the ten tallest buildings in Germany are in which city?
Which river flows from northern Moscow to the Caspian Sea?
Which actor was the fifth Doctor Who from 1982-1984, and in that role often wore Edwardian cricket costume?
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?
Which team opposed Bolton Wanderers in the 1923 'White Horse' F.A.Cup Final at Wembley?
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?
The Analects are the writings of which Eastern philosopher?
Which language gave English the word honcho as in “head honcho”?
What name specifically describes an inhabitant of Dundee?
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?
Films. Which Dominic starred as Merry (Meriadoc) in ‘The Lord of the Rings’?
In Egyptian mythology, what was personified by the god Geb?
Who wrote ‘The Forsyte Saga’?
In 1998 at the age of 77 who became the oldest person to fly in space?
Which motor scooter had a name meaning ‘wasp’?
Who played Rachel Green in Friends?
Cain dwelt in the Land of Nod, which was where on the Biblical compass?
Which actor died in September 1955 after a collision in Cholame, California?
To whom did human-rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin become engaged in April 2014?
Which Swiss tennis player won the men’s singles title at the 2014 Australian Open?
The number ten raised to the power of one hundred is known by what name?
Which Jersey-born actor played Superman in Man of Steel?
The Wasp Factory was the debut novel of which author who died in 2013?
The Most Noble Order of the Garter was established during the reign of which King?
Bruno, nephew of which late Formula 1 legend signed to drive for the Williams team?
Who was the first NASA astronaut to conduct a spacewalk?
Which city was formerly known as “Edo”?
The Walker Art Gallery is in which UK city?
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?
In which Commonwealth country are the Southern Alps?
Spider, Idiot’s Delight, Canfield, Pyramid and Clock are all forms of what card game?
Which female politician and aristocrat said ‘I married beneath me, all women do’?
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?
Whose official country residence is Dorneywood, Buckinghamshire?
The first Paralympic Games to officially tie in with the Summer Olympics were held in 1960 in which city?
Who were the notorious Friars of St Francis of Wycombe?
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola
The pose that Evans-Loude used came from which of Marilyn Monroe's films?
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?
Ushuaia, which is now generally accepted as the southernmost city in the world, is in which country?
In which decade was the BBC's current affairs programme Panorama first broadcast?
Director of Home Alone and the first two Harry Potter films and a 15th/16th century Genoese explorer.
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?
"Which Coronation Street character, who ""died"" in 2006, apparently had 25 girlfriends at various times and four wives?"
Which journalist and author won the fifth series of I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here in 2005, beating Cannon and Ball, Jimmy Osmond and Sheree Murphy amongst others?
Who directed the Noughties films One Day in September, The Last King of Scotland and Touching the Void?
What was the surname of the French explorer who discovered the area where Montreal is now situated, on this day in 1953?
Near which village in North Wales were the rowing events held at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games?
"The naem of which Japanese car company can be translated as ""three diamonds"", which is reflected in its fanous logo?"
"For what television series was the theme tune ""I'll be there for you"" ?"
Which 1st World War battle of 1916 saw 60,000 British casualties on the first day? The battle lasted from July to November, resulting in a British advance of 12 kilometres.
In the electromagnetic spectrum, which type of radiation has the longest wavelength? Its main uses are in communication.
"Who wrote the opera ""Dido and Aeneas""?"
What was the name of Lady Chatterley's lover in Lawrence's novel?
"The cruise liner ""Costa Concordia"" sank in the Tyrhenian sea in January 2012 against the rocks of the coast of what island?"
What is the largest island in the Mediterrainean Sea?
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?
"Which actor, who died in 2011, became famous when portraying a TV character who became a household name in the 1970's? The actor won 4 emmys for his TV role and was nominated for film oscars for his parts in ""Pocketful of Miracles"" and ""Murder Inc.""."
"""The Great Gate of Kiev"" and ""Catacombs"" are two sections of which musical work by Mussorgsky?"
"The Album ""No Angel"" was the number 1 selling album in the UK in 2001, and the singer who recorded the album won the Brit. Award for best album. Who was the singer?"
Which is the most northerly of the islands of Japan? Its capital, Sapporo, has hosted the Winter Olympics.
To what RAF base, near Wooton Bassett village, were the bodies of servicemen killed in Afghanistan formerly transported?
"The opera ""Duke Bluebeard's Castle"" and the ballet ""The Wooden Prince"" are the works of which composer?"
Which country is bordered by Latvia to the north, Ukraine to the south, and Poland to the west?
What items would be collected by a horologist?
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"
In which English city would you find the district of Gosforth?
Which Italian liqueur is a key ingredient of the well known cocktail, Harvey Wallbanger?
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?
Which famous composer, though better known for other works, wrote the music for several films including 'First of the Few' and 'Henry the Fifth'?
In which African country did the Mau Mau rebellion break out in October 1952 ?
Whose single I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus sold three million copies in 1952 ?
In which decade did the following all occur in Britain - the first electric pylons (erected by South Wales Power Co), the first dogems (in Skegness) and the first pedestrian crossing (in Parliament Sqaure, London)?
Sean Connery's first Oscar was awarded for his role in which film?
"The song ""If I Ruled The World"" comes from which musical?"
Which official residence is No.12 Downing Street?
The USS Langley was the country's first type of which vessel?
Which monarch founded Ascot Racecourse?
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?
The football club CFR Cluj made their debut in the European I Champions League this season, in which country do they play?
In which county is Wellington College?
Who wrote the Thursday Next books?
According to Arthurian legend, who was Sir Galahad's father?
The name of which Russian spacecraft means 'travelling companion' or 'satellite'?
In the Lake District which is the only body of water to actually be called lake?
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?
Which Nobel-prize winning Russian writer died on August 3rd 2008?
The film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, starring Brad Pitt, is based on a short story by whom?
What is the capital of Australia's Northern Territory?
Which US President was the last to have been born in the nineteenth century?
Whose first solo UK number 1 single was I Only Have Eyes for You in September 1975?
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?
In which US state is New Haven?
Who commanded the Prussian army at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815?
What kind of aircraft gave the space shuttle a piggy-back prior to 1981?
How is the Shakespeare character 'Robin Goodfellow' better known?
Aglaia, Thalia and. Euphrosyne were known as what?
"The musical ""The Sound of Music"" is associated with which geographical area?"
Who has children called Track, Bristol, Piper, Trig and Willow?
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?
What colour was The Chillingham Bull?
The plant Atropa Belladonna is better known as what?
As whom is Paul David Hewson better known?
Who was the wife of Moses?
"Which country did Tsar Nicholas I of Russia call ""the sick man of Europe""?"
What port city lies at the mouth of the River Seine?
In which Charles Dickens novel does the character Mr M Choakumchild appear?
Which US state is known as the Palmetto State?
The remains of which ancient city were discovered by Heinrich Schliemann in the 1870s?
In which English city would you find Winson Green Prison?
Name the singer who, along with Vince Clarke, made up the pop group Yazoo?
Apart from London, in which other British city is there a Charing Cross?
Nigel Farage is the leader of which political party?
Which philosopher wrote 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra' between 1883 and 1885?
What was the codename for the German invasion of Russia in 1941?
"Who is the composer of ""The L'Arlesienne Suite""?"
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?
Which mammal is also known as a river horse?
In which country has the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi been kept under house arrest for the last 6 years?
Which 20th century British Prime Minister was born in Portsmouth?
Manhattan Island is bounded by three rivers, the Hudson, the East and which other?
The Battle of Corunna (1809) took place in which war?
Which TV personality is the current Chief Scout?
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?
Who is the patron saint of dancers?
In the Hans Christian Andersen story, who slept in a walnut shell for a cradle?
The stone Lapis Lazuli is used to make which shade of blue pigment for artists?
Which actor played the second Dr Who?
Who played the part of companion Martha Jones in the 2007 series of Dr Who?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of Apollo's twin sister?
'Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ', the 1880 novel by Lew Wallace, is about a young aristocratic Jew. What is his first name?
When suffix letters were first used on British car registration plates the letter was used for a calendar year, later, to suit the car industry, the letter changed on August 1 each year, which letter was consequently used for only seven months?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which British town or city?
Who makes or made the model of vehicle the Kangoo?
Charles Lindbergh died in 1974. Where was he buried?
Which British institution was set up by Royal Charter in 1927?
Which sub-region of Aquitaine in SW France gives its name to a type of brandy?
Where in Scotland is Dunvegan Castle?
Which large American bird (Gymnogyps) has been reintroduced to the wild after breeding in captivity in 1991?
The Kina is the monetary unit of which Oceania country?
Which country has provinces including Masvingo, Midlands and Manicaland?
Which mountain peak is the highest point in the Western Hemisphere?
Complete the title of this 1970's group 'Sutherland Brothers and .'
Aneto, at 3404 metres, is the highest mountain in which mountain range?
In 2002, Chechen terrorists took more than 700 people as hostages in Moscow, what type of building were they in?
What is the surname of the father and son who rode Grand National winners, L'Escargot in 1975 and Bobbyjo in 1999?
Which disease of the central nervous system is named after the Englishman who wrote 'An Essay on the Shaking Palsy'?
In 2004, Chechen terrorists took schoolchildren hostage resulting in a shoot-out in which hundreds died, in which city was it?
X-Factor winner Joe McElderry failed to reach no 1 in the Christmas 2009 chart, which group did as a result of a concerted internet download campaign?
In 1926, Irish aristocrat Violet Gibson attempted but failed to assassinate which political leader?
Name the Mexican/American boxer, who retired from the ring in 2008, who is the only man to win world titles in six different weight divisions?
Which Italian City is the setting of Shakespeare's 'Romeo and Juliet'?
Actor Norman Painting died in November 2009, which part in a log running radio series did he make his own?
At which school was Billy Bunter a pupil
Who played Hotlips Houlihan in the 1972 film MASH?
In John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, where did the Giant Despair live?
How is Dihydrogen Monoxide better known?
What is the more common name for the disease variola?
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?
What official position was held by Winston Churchill at the start of both World War 1 and World War 2?
"In ""Some Like It Hot"", Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon fled to Miami in drag after witnessing which well-known event?"
Which 2009 movie, the directorial debut of Sam Taylor-Wood, tell the story of the adolescence of John Lennon?
Which car company invented the three point seatbelt system, but refused to patent it, allowing all other car companies to use it free of charge in an effort to increase road safety?
What name is given to the unofficial accolade awarded to the fastest passenger ship to cross the Atlantic in the westbound direction?
Which is the only marsupial to be found in North America?
Cleeve Hill is the highest point in which range of English hills?
In which country is the Deccan Plateau?
How many Copa de America winners medals did Pele and Maradona win between them?
"Who wrote the novel ""Hawksmoor""?"
What is the name of the world's largest church, that was begun in 1450, finished in 1600 and consecrated by Pope Urban XIII in 1626?
What car manufacturing company makes the model Octavia?
How many fences do horses need to encounter at the Grand National?
Titan is a satellite of which planet?
What was the name of the Oscar-winning song 'performed' by Audrey Hepburn in `Breakfast at Tiffany's'?
What is the common name of the flowering plant Kniphofia?
Which car manufacturer produces models called Concerto, Inspire, Legend, Torneo, etc?
Which female succeeded John Prescott as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party in June 2007?
The two wives of King John of England shared which forename?
"As whom did Andres Cornelius (""Dries"") van Kujik become better known?"
Who succeeded Brian Epstein as manager of The Beatles?
"Give the name of the character played by James Stewart in the 1946 film ""It's a Wonderful Life"""
Name the year: Hirohito dies; The Exxon Valdez runs aground; San Francisco suffers its worst earthquake since 1906.
Which sea lies off the Great Barrier Reef?
In January 2010, who became the first mother to win the Australian Open Tennis Championships since Evonne Goolagong in the 1970's?
"Which American writer chronicled the lives of the Glass family in works such as ""Franny and Zooey"", and ""Raise the Roofbeam, Carpenters""?"
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?
Who partnered Jo Durie when she won the Wimbledon mixed doubles title in 1987?
Which is the smallest marine mammal?
There are two gymnastics' events in the Olympic games that men compete in but women don't - one is the pommel horse name the other.
What is the residence of the Duke of Devonshire?
Justine Thornton is the fiancee of which politician?
Haematite is an ore of which metal?
Who judged Aphrodite more beautiful than Hera or Athena?
Who played the lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the TV series 'Sex and the City'?
Who was the son of Edward III and father of Henry IV?
In which city did Field Marshal Freidrich Paulus surrender in January 1943?
The willow tree belongs to which genus?
In Milton's 'Paradise Lost' what is the name of the Capital of Hell?
Which German island was traded for control of Zanzibar by Great Britain in 1890?
What was the name of the second wife of Johnny Cash, who he married in 1968?
What was the middle name of ex-US President Gerald Ford?
In which country was singer Chris de Burgh born?
Which car company makes the 'X-Trail'?
What is the capital of Rwanda?
Who was Pope during World War Two?
"Who plays the part of Ric Griffin in TV's ""Holby City""?"
What football team did Arsene Wenger manage immediately before Arsenal?
Ur was a major city of which ancient civilization?
The Clore Gallery at Tate Britain was built to house which painter's works?
What is the more common name for the plant called 'Convallaria Majalis?
In 1842, what was ceded to Britain by the Treaty of Nanking?
From Dec.29th 2011 which country will move forward a time zone, a move designed to help trade with China, Australia and New Zealand?
In Arthurian legend, who threw Excalibur back into the Lake?
The River Yarra flows through which city?
The former cricket umpire Harold (Dicky) Bird played cricket for Yorkshire and which other county?
What nationality is Louis Oosthuizen the 2010 Open Golf Champion?
Who won the 1997 Booker prize for the novel 'The God of Small Things'?
The Bet365 Gold Cup, formerly the Beffred and the Whitbread Gold Cup, is the last major 'race of the National Hunt season. On which course is it run?
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?
From which common English tree are cricket stumps traditionally made?
Which modern musical instrument was developed from the shawm?
Which English king was married to Eleanor of Castile?
In which book did Edgar Linton marry Catherine Eamshaw?
Which Arctic whale has a long, straight, helical tusk extending from its upper left jaw?
"""Getting to Know You"" is a song from which film?"
Who was the first man to win Olympic Gold Medals at 200 metres and 400 metres?
Who hosts the TV quiz show 'Cleverdicks'?
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?
The opera Carmen was first performed in which decade?
Political leader Mustafa Kemal is better known by what name?
Crocodile, goblin and greenland are types of which fish?
Yigal Amir assassinated whom in 1995?
The ancient Greek writer Apollonius of Perga wrote on which subject?
Laila Morse is the sister of which actor?
What ancient monument and tourist attraction would you see at Carnac in northern France?
Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore were at one time co-owners of which Premier League club?
What is the name of the town in which the Meerkats live in the adverts for comparethemarket.com?
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?
What is the capital of the French region of Burgundy?
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius complete?
What was the capital of Poland prior to Warsaw?
2012 is the Chinese year of which creature?
In the British Army, which commissioned rank is indicated by a crown on each shoulder?
Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?
In Greek Mythology who was the princess rescued from the Sea Monster by Perseus?
Who is the patron saint of cobblers?
In what country is Romansch an official language?
Which mischievous fairy, also called Robin Goodfellow, appears in Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'?
Which French composer and pupil of Saint-Saens is best known for his requiem?
In which English country is the country house Dorneywood?
Which actress is the mother of actress Carrie Fisher?
Who was the first Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for his work on malaria?
If you had a Shiraz, a Baluch or a Bokhara in your house what would they be?
Prior to 1925, how was Oslo known?
Which brewery is based in Southwold, Suffolk?
The term 'the fourth wall' would be used for an imaginary wall in what type of building?
Who hit six sixes in one over at 2007 Cricket World Cup in the West Indies?
Who was the first Olympic heavyweight boxing gold medallist to become world professional heavyweight boxing champion?
Opened in 1963, which London nightclub did Mark Birley name after his then wife?
Deborah Cavendish, Dowager Duchess of Devonshire is the last survivor of which family of siblings?
"Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub titled 'The Witches Curse""?"
Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub titled 'Bunthornes's Bride'?
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"
In which year was Olaf Palme assassinated and the Chernobyl nuclear power station exploded?
"Who played Luke Skywalker in the 1977 original ""Star Wars"" film?"
"Which musical is the sequel to ""The Phantom of the Opera""?"
Which car company manufacturers the Corolla model?
In which English county is Stonehenge?
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?
The Tinta Barroca grape is chiefly used to make which drink?
In which castle is Shakespeare's' Hamlet' set?
In which city was Pablo Picasso born, in 1881?
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?
In the novel by Dumas, where was the Count of Monte Cristo imprisoned for 14 years?
In which 1980 film did Robert De Niro play the boxer Jake La Motta?
Which South Korean city was the venue of the 2011 World Athletics Championships?
Who directed the 2011 Palme d'Or winning film 'The Tree Of Life'?
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?
What was the nickname of United States General Joseph Stilwell?
What name is given to the nine square mile area of West Yorkshire, between Wakefield, Morley and Rothwell, famous for growing a certain vegetable?
Which English king stole The Stone of Scone from Scone Palace?
Which 1969 film concerns the dance marathon competitions during the Depression Era in America?
In which year did the Boeing 747 make its maiden flight?
A quadruped is an animal with how many feet?
Who directed the 1969 film ‘Women in Love’, starring Oliver Reed and Glenda Jackson?
Mount Entoto is the highest peak overlooking which African capital city?
Which country invaded the Falkland Islands in April 1982?
The 1960’s television series ‘Lost in Space’ is set in which year?
In 2012, Bradford City FC presented the Dalai Lama with a personalised club shirt with which number on the back?
Michael, John, Steven and Susan are the children of which former US President?
Which train is the holder of the world speed record for steam locomotives?
The ‘Ffestiniog Railway’ in Wales runs from Blaenau Ffestiniog to which harbour town?
Which NATO member country has the smallest population?
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?
The 2002 film ‘We Were Soldiers’ is set in which war?
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?
‘La Marcha Real’ (The Royal march) is the national anthem of which country?
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?
What is the title of Stephen King’s first novel published under his own name?
What is zoophobia a fear of?
In the Shakespeare play ‘King Lear’, what is the name of King Lear’s youngest daughter?
Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?
In the Shakespeare play ‘The Tempest’, Prospero is the overthrown Duke of ‘where’?
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?
Philippa of Hainault was the wife of which English monarch?
Late English criminal Bruce Reynolds masterminded which infamous robbery, which he later referred to as his ‘Sistine Chapel ceiling’
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?
What type of creature is a saiga?
How many ‘E’ tiles are provided in a Scrabble game?
Which US artist married Lee Krasner in 1945?
Who played Gomez Addams in the 1993 film ‘Addams Family Values’?
In politics and economics, ‘what’ Wednesday refers to 16th September 1992, when the British government was forced to withdraw the pound sterling from the European Rate Mechanism, after they were unable to keep it above its agreed lower limit?
In May 1999, after over 20 years of restoration work, which painting by Leonardo da Vinci was placed back on display in Milan?
In March 1994, what was ‘David and Jerry’s Guide to the World Wide Web’ renamed?
Late British singer-songwriter John Simon Ritchie was better known by what name?
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?
In medicine, Daltonism (or deuteranopia) is better known by what name?
Queen Joan of Navarre, who was imprisoned for witchcraft, was the stepmother of which English monarch?
Said to be the birthplace of the rules of Association Football, Parker’s Piece is in which English city?
Who became British Prime Minister in October 1922?
Emelius Browne, Mr Jelk and Colonel Heller are all characters in which Disney film?
What is the square root of 144?
Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?
‘Geocentrism’ is the belief that which planet is the centre of the Universe?
In which UK city is Headingley railway station?
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?
Artiodactyla Suidae is the scientific name for which farm animal?
The Florentine Girdle was a type of what?
Which syndrome, a type of delusional jealousy of infidelity of a spouse or partner, is named after a Shakespearian character?
Which African country changed its capital city from Zomba to Lilongwe in January 1975?
Noss, Unst, Lamba and Foula are part of which Scottish island group?
Tallahassee is the capital of which US state?
Which London Underground rail line was nicknamed the ‘Twopenny Tube’ for its flat fare?
What is the name of the laboratory in New Jersey which is associated with Thomas Edison?
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, what is the name of Tony Soprano’s psychiatrist?
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?
Which US President was born Lesley Lynch King Jr?
In humans, the medical condition Hyposmia affects which of the senses?
In which South Asian country is Phewa Lake?
English sportswoman Charlotte Edwards is associated with which sport?
Which is the only US state to begin with the letter ‘U’?
Who played Thelma in the UK television series ‘The Likely Lads’?
In Greek mythology, how many heads does Cerberus, the dog who guards the entrance to Hades, usually have?
Bernard, Deadeye, Orville and Madame Medusa are all characters in which Disney filmn
The Royal Shakespeare Company is based in which British town?
How many ‘Triangles’ are there on the logo of car manufacturer BMW?
Terry Molloy, David Gooderson and Julian Bleach have all portrayed which villain in the UK television series Dr Who?
United Nations Day is celebrated during which month of the year?
Malachite is an ore of which metal?
Which actress was a Coronation Street regular and also appeared in the film 'Carry on Cleo'?
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?
Coimbra is a principal town or city in which country?
Who directed the film 'Last Tango in Paris'? (
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?
What is the name of George Galloway's political party?
Which comic strip character was created in the early fifties by the Southport artist Frank Hampson?
"Who in the wild west was known as ""Iron Eyes"" among his other nicknames?"
"Name the little girl, daughter of the late Christina, who has inherited the vast ""Onassis"" fortune?"
Which long distance footpath links Frodsham and Whitchurch?
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?
The duodenum, jejunum and ileum together make up which part of the human body?
Which grape is used to produce top-quality Burgundy red wines?
Which is the deepest loch in Scotland?
What was the name of the private eye played by Trevor Eve on TV in the '70s?
In 1986 the prime minister of which European country was assassinated while returning home from the cinema?
Which mountain range extends almost the length of Italy?
Mount Elbrus, arguably Europe's highest peak, is in which mountain range?
"In physics, whose law states that ""for a fixed mass of gas at a constant temperature the product of the pressure and volume is constant""?"
What is the derived SI unit of pressure?
Who was the first man sent into space, in 1961?
In the Bible who was the mother of King Solomon?
What is the title of the last Harry Potter novel, published in 2007?
Lacock Abbey in Wiltshire, now in the hands of the National Trust, was the home of which pioneer of photography?
Who, in November 2005, became the first ever female Chancellor of Germany?
In which Russian city is the Kirov Ballet based?
During the 1970s which car maker produced the Triumph TR7 and the Jaguar XJS?
"Which opera features the ""Humming Chorus""?"
In which year was Mrs Indira Gandhi assassinated?
In the acronym DEFRA, for what does the A stand?
Who was head of the Gestapo from1936?
Who wrote the opera Faust in 1859?
Which flower is also known as the Lent Lily?
To whom did the risen Jesus say 'Touch me not'?
What was the name of the horse in Steptoe and Son?
Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?
Who composed the first ever concerto for tuba and orchestra?
What is the alcoholic ingredient of a Screwdriver cocktail?
As what are the islands previously known as the Danish West Indies now known?
The Vinson Massif is the highest mountain of which continent?
In which city is the majority of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet set?
In which country did the Battle of El Alamein take place?
In which year did Picasso die?
In which African country is Mount Kilimanjaro?
What is the capital of the American state of Nevada?
Actor John Hewer died early in 2008 aged 86; under what name did everybody know him better, in a series of TV adverts?
Who won the best actor award at the 2008 Oscar awards ceremony for his role in the film 'There Will Be Blood'?
Which town is the capital of Papua New Guinea?
In the Bible who was David's father?
In which country is the Sierra Madre mountain range, with its highest peak at Cerro Mohinora?
'Sunrise, Sunset' and 'Tradition' are songs from which musical?
The Crimea forms part of which country?
In which Arizona town did the Gunfight at the OK Corral take place in 1881?
Which island is connected to Brooklyn by the Verrazano Narrows bridge?
Whose playing of the part of Enrico Bandello in the film 'Little Caesar' brought him to stardom?
The wood of which common tree was traditionally used to make tennis racquets, billiard cues and hockey sticks?
What electrical property, the reciprocal of resistivity, has the SI units Siemens per metre?
Who first achieved stardom as the gangster Duke Mantee in the film 'The Petrified Forest'?
Which shipyard built the 'Titanic'?
Which architect designed the Albert Memorial in 1875?
Gene Hackman won the Best Actor Oscar in 1971, for which film?
What was the original use of the building which now houses the Tate Modern Art Gallery in London?
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?
What is the anatomical name for the upper jaw bone?
Which South London gang, led by Charles and Eddie, were rivals of the Krays?
PIA is the national airline of which country?
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"
What was the name of the space shuttle, which disintegrated over Texas, on re-entry into the earth's atmosphere in February 2003, with the loss of all seven crew members?
Where is the venue for the next Winter Olympics in 2010?
What was said to have been guarded by the Fisher King?
In which London magazine did Sherlock Holmes first appear?
What kind of animal is a 'Suffolk Punch'?
In which town or city is the HQ of Colman's (of mustard fame)?
The airport Guglielmo Marconi is the airport of which city?
What is the French name for the English channel?
In which city are Argentine, Bel-Air, Bolivar, Liege, Rome and Stalingrad all found within a few miles of each other?
The River Durance flows into the Rhone near to which French town or city?
The dance fitness programme, the Zumba, originated in which country?
Which European country has Switzerland to the west Austria to the east?
What was England's first publicly subscribed passenger railway?
George Lansbury et al founded which newspaper in 1912?
Who composed the 'War Requiem'?
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?
What is the fruit of a tree of the genus 'Malus'?
Which English football ground features the 'Holte End'?
What is the distinctive colour of the soles of shoes designed by Christian Louboutin?
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?
Julia Gillard became the first female Prime Minister of which country?
Who was the first British Prime Minister born in the 20th Century. Also the only PM to have played 1st class cricket?
What was the name of the cruise liner that capsized near the rocky island of Giglio off the Tuscan coast in 2012?
Which poet's house at 24 Hollies Street, London, was commemorated by the first Blue Plaque, unveiled in 1867?
Which motor manufacturer makes the models Note and Juke?
Which singer released the albums Honky Chateau in 1972 and Sleeping with the Past in 1989?
What is the name for a large circular stained glass window found in Romanesque and Gothic cathedrals that is divided by elaborate tracery into a central compartment with others radiating from it?
Who founded the Body Shop, in the UK, in 1976?
Which unit of the Roman army was one tenth of a legion?
The film 'The Music Lovers' was about which composer?
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?
How many basic positions are there in classical ballet?
Snakes are the symbol of which saint?
Which Formula One racetrack is in the Ardennes?
The 'Angel of Christian Charity' in London is more commonly known by what name?
To which family of animals does the okapi belong?
With which French King were Mme de Pompadour and Mme Du Barry associated?
Who was the lyre-playing muse of tragedy in Greek mythology?
Under what pseudonym did JK Rowling publish the book 'The Cuckoo's Calling'?
In 480 BC, Leonidas led his 300 Spartans against the Persian army, led by Xerxes, in which land battle?
Which Wagner opera tells the story of the eponymous swan knight and features The Bridal Chorus?
Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?
Which former Soviet republic is the largest land-locked county in the world?
Which planet, which has moons named after characters from Shakespeare and Pope, was discovered by Herschel in 1781?
Who had a hit in 1955 with Rock Around the Clock?
Which county won the 2013 Cricket County Championship?
Who in the Old Testament is the father of King David?
For which human physical reaction is horripilation the correct medical term?
What is the name of the racecourse in Louisville where the Kentucky Derby is run?
What is the name of the charity for single parents founded in the 1970s which currently has J K Rowling as its President?
What is the pen name of Jim Grant, the British author who writes stories about the former U.S. Military Police Major, Jack Reacher?
What colour is the cross on the Finnish flag?
Who evaded capture disguised as Betty Burke?
Where does the draw for the Euromillions lottery prize usually take place?
David Balfour and Alan Breck are characters in books by which author?
What was the name of George Stephenson's first railway locomotive, built in 1814?
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?
In1918 women over what age were given the right to vote?
In the periodic table of elements which metal comes after beryllium and magnesium in the alkaline earth metals (valency 2)?
Which play by Sir Peter Shaffer was made into a film with Tom Hulce in the title role?
Green plover and peewit are alternative names for which British bird?
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?
The internal angles of a quadrilateral add up to how many degrees?
Novelist Patricia Cornwell has accused the painter Walter Sickert of being which notorious criminal?
Which St Helens born ex Rugby League player died recently after a seven year battle with cancer during which he raised thousands of pounds for charity?
Which villain, played by Richard Kiel, appeared in two James Bond movies, 'The Spy Who Loved Me' and 'Moonraker'?
Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?
In the Old Testament of the Bible who was the father of David?
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?
Which island known as Ynys Gybi in Welsh, lies just off the west coast of Anglesey?
Who was the mother of Queen Mary 1st of England?
At the 2014 Winter Olympic games Elise Christie of Great Britain was disqualified from all three of her events, in which sport?
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?
The astronauts Taylor, Landon and Donovan are characters in which 1968 science fiction film ?
What in the world of the internet is an ISP ?
What was the name of the German encryption machine whose code was deciphered at Bletchley Park during World War II ?
Which state did frontiersman Davy Crockett represent in the US House of Represenatives ?
Some Americans claim to have seen a Sasquatch; by what name is it better known ?
Which country was the birthplace of Henry V111’s first wife Catherine Of Aragon ?
George Washington Goethals was the chief engineer for which construction that was completed In 1914 ?
What was the name of the American doctor who in 2011 was sentenced to four years in Jail after being convicted of the involuntary manslaughter of pop star Michael Jackson ?
Which Indian born author who lived from 1903 to 1950 had the real name Eric Arthur Blair ?
Opened by Sir Ranulph Fiennes, The Drumnadrochit Hotel situated in the Scottish Highlands is a tourist attraction that centres on which famous Scottish figure ?
What was the name of the Russian Submarine that sank in the Barents Sea in the year 2000 ?
Queen Joan Of Navarre was the wife of which English king ?
"Which North African food dish made of coarsely ground wheat takes it’s name from the Arabic word Kaskasa meaning ""To Pound"" ?"
Which island country was the main setting for the James Bond film Dr No ?
Which Austrian composer, whose works include 104 symphonies, 84 string quartets and 42 piano sonatas, received a D Mus degree at Oxford University, England?
Which Australian won the men’s singles title at Wimbledon in 1956 and 1957?
Which British group who had most success in the 1970’s were fronted by lead singer Lee Brilleaux ?
Sixty year old Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is the current president of which South American country ?
Which English producer and screenwriter is responsible for the creation of the fictional school Grange Hill ?
The 1964 film A Shot In The Dark was the sequel to which film of the same year ?
Which two word named plant, also known as Dionaea Muscipala is characterised by having hinged two lobed leaves that snap closed when the sensitive hairs on it's surface are touched ?
Which English mechanical and civil engineer who died in 1859 was responsible for engineering the Great Western Railway and designing the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol ?
Which one word appeared as main headline news on the front page of the Sun newspaper the day after the sinking of the Belgrano in May 1982 ?
"Which US City has the nickname ""Beantown"" ?"
Johnny Weissmuller and Ron Ely are famous for playing which character on screen ?
What name links the name of an act that once represented the UK in the Eurovision Song contest and the name of the elephant that in 1969 famously defaced and dragged the Keeper through the Blue Peter studio ?
Covering an area in excess of 30,000 square miles, in which country can you find the 'Dasht  e Kavir Desert' the largest to lie wholly in it's own country?
Whom did Andy Murray defeat in the Wimbledon men's singles final in 2013 ?
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?
In which contact sport do two rikishi compete inside a dohyo ?
What do students at Oxford call their formal academic attire ?
Which Scottish actor played the butler Hudson in the original series of ITV's Upstairs, Downstairs ?
Which country singer/songwriter was known as the 'Man in Black' ?
From which other card game is bridge derived ?
How is seasonal allergic rhinitis more commonly known ?
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?
What was the name of the secret society which led a revolt of the Kikuyu people of Kenya in 1952 ?
Who was the first Republican President of the United States ?
Which TV creatures ate Blue String Pudding ?
What nationality was the astronomer Copernicus ?
Who wrote the musical Blood Brothers ?
What name is given to the study of insects ?
What is the name of the estuary north of Bordeaux in SW France, formed by the confluence of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers ?
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?
Which four word motto appeared on US banknotes for the first time on this day in 1982 ?
Who was manager of Sheffield Wednesday when they won the League Cup in 1991, beating Manchester United in the final ?
Who knocked Andy Murray out of the 2013 US Open in the quarter-finals? (Surname only will do)
By whatname are the four novels of Paul Scott best known, the last of which is entitled A Division of Spoils ?
What is Koo Stark's real first name ?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub-titled The Slave of Duty?
Who became Germany's first female chancellor?
Who wrote The Railway Children?
Turin lies on which river?
Which UK store was first to have an escalator installed?
The port of Plymouth is in which English county?
Who became the ruler of Russia in 1964 until his death in 1982?
Name BP's catastrophic Gulf of Mexico oil rig, lost off the US Louisiana coast?
FIDE (Federation Internationale Des Echecs) is the world federation of which activity?
Faye Turney became famous as a member of which of the services?
Which country won the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup?
Who became the new French president in 2007?
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?
Who sang with Serge Gainsbourg on the hit Je t'aime?
Jiles Perry (JP) Richardson Jr, who died in the same plane crash as Ritchie Valens and Buddy Holly was better known by what name?
Who wrote and had a hit with the instrumental Classical Gas?
What Canadian-born teen idol of the 1950s-60s wrote the lyrics to Sinatra's song My Way?
Who originated the 'Wall of Sound' record production technique?
Which member of the Hollies went on to join the hugely successful American band commonly known by their initials CSNY?
What is the US state capital of Vermont?
Which singer held a gladiolus in his first appearance on BBC TV's Top of the Pops in 1983?
What gemstone is The Moonstone in the classic novel of that name by Wilkie Collins?
American jazz musician Art Tatum excelled on which instrument?
Which student of Socrates, and teacher of Aristole, wrote Republic?
What was the first airship to cross the Atlantic, in 1919?
What is the name of the assembly of cardinals for the election of a pope?
What is the parrot's name in Enid Blyton's 'Adventure' series of books?
Who wrote the books Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre-Dame?
What is the name of the first digital library founded by Michael Hart in 1971?
A gooney bird is another name for which bird?
Who (at 2008) plays Doctor Gregory House in the TV series House?
In which year did Captain Scott reach the South Pole?
The NASA spacecraft Messenger reached what planet destination in 2008?
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?
What was Julian Schnabel's acclaimed 2008 film of the book written by a stroke victim's blinking eye?
How many gold medals did Great Britain win at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Which film star (of Brokeback Mountain fame) died on 22 Jan 2008?
In which year did Foinavon win the Grand National?
Which river forms the eastern section of the border between England and Scotland?
In which film did Roger Moore first play James Bond?
In which war was the Battle of Bunker Hill fought?
Which Bond villain has been played by Telly Savalas, Donald Pleasance, Charles Gray, and Max Von Sydow?
Who was the female member of the SDP's 'Gang Of Four'?
By what name was world champion boxer Walker Smith better known?
Who released an album entitled The Six Wives of Henry VIII?
In the human body what is the Axilla commonly known as?
To what note is the top string on a six-string guitar normally tuned?
What film was the first sequel to win a Best Picture Oscar?
What was Hiram Hackenbacker's nickname in Thunderbirds?
Which team was the first to score a 'Golden Goal' in the soccer World Cup Finals?
Which Verdi opera is also a popular acronym used in the advertising and selling professions?
Zloty and Grosz are money in which country?
Which city hosted the 1900 Summer Olympics?
Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger founded which website in 2001?
In which year was the Berlin Wall built?
Which chemical element has the atomic number six?
What is the capital of Colombia?
Who is the voice of baby Mikey in the 1989 film Look Who's Talking?
In which English county is the Dickens World Theme Park?
In Switzerland, 1978, the corpse of which entertainer was reburied in concrete after it was recovered from extortionists?
A frugivore feeds on what?
Who was elected president of France follwing the death of President Pompidou?
What animated character does Gene Kelly dance with in the film Anchors Aweigh?
What royal house has ruled Monaco since the Middle Ages?
Which famous city plaza's name loosely translates as the 'Gate of Heavenly Peace'?
The songs I got Life and Aquarius come from which musical?
In which three years did Red Rum win the Grand National?
What is the state capital of New South Wales, Australia?
What merchant bank collapsed in 1995 due to unauthorised debts accumulated by trader Nick Leeson?
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?
Which actress singer who charted with Santa Baby and starred as Catwoman died on Christmas day 2008?
In Greek mythology who gave King Midas the power to turn everything he touched into gold?
In which 1995 film does Robert Carlisle play the character Begbie?
Hepatic relates to which organ of the human body?
Mount Ararat is in which country?
What is the Greek and Turkish delicacy of spiced rice and meat wrapped in vine leaves?
Which French prime minister was executed for treason in 1945?
What socially responsible brand was added to Cadbury's Dairy Milk Chocolate in July 2009?
Divya Narenda and the Winklevoss twins, founders of the Connectu and Harvardconnection websites, agreed to a financial settlement from which big internet corporation?
What was Sophie Kinsella's best selling book of 2009?
Which company began a hostile takeover bid for Cadbury in September 2009?
Unusually for a lady, Peruvian Conchita Cintron who died aged 86 in February 2009, was a famous what?
From which 1968 film did English band Duran Duran take their name?
The ‘La Scala Opera House’ is in which European city?
Who is the lead singer of the English band ‘The Specials’?
The Transandine Railway runs between which two South American countries?
Sinology is the study of the language, history and culture of which country?
In the British military, a bombadier is equivalent to which other rank?
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?
Tirana is the capital of which European country?
In our solar system, which is the sixth planet from the sun?
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?
King Louie, Akela and Ziggy are all characters in which Disney film?
Who wrote the play ‘The Iceman Cometh’?
Which children’s playground game is sometimes called ‘Fivestones’, ‘Knucklebones’ or ‘Snobs’?
Mr and Mrs Potato Head appear in which film franchise?
How many square stickers are on each face of a classic Rubik’s Cube?
Who composed the ballet ‘Swan Lake’?
In 1818, British obstetrician James Blundell performed the first successful human what?
In cooking, 190 degrees Celsius is the equivalent to which Gas Mark?
What do the interior angles of a hexagon add up to in degrees?
The roe of lumpfish is used as a substitute for which delicacy?
The Manuel M.Torres Dam is the largest hydro plant in which country?
Which British swimmer won Olympic Gold Medals in 2008 in the 400 and 800 m freestyle?
In the NATO phonetic alphabet, which word represents the letter I?
Which US author wrote ‘The Naked and the Dead’, based on his military service in World War II?
What is the title of the 1944 film starring Barbara Stanwyck as the wife who seduces an insurance salesman into killing her husband?
What is the nickname of Thierry Guetta, the French-born street-artist?
Wolf Mankowitz wrote the 1953 novel ‘A Kid For Two….’what’?
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?
What is the name of the Japanese dish of bite-sized pieces of raw fish served with dipping sauces, vegetables and wasabi?
Who is recognised as Britain’s first Prime Minister?
In the human body, which bone connects the humerus with the calvicle?
The Cuatro Torres Business Area is in which European city?
The first issue of which British children’s comic was published in April 1950?
The 1951 ‘Treaty of Peace With Japan’ which served to officially end World War II, is commonly known as what?
The Tumut Hydroelectric Power Station is in which Australian state?
Who always holds the title of the Supreme Governor of the Church of England?
How many players are on the field in a baseball team?
In London in 1788, the ‘Daily Universal Register’ was relaunched as which newspaper?
Which fictional character is the subject of George Frampton’s bronze statue in Kensington Gardens, London?
Who wrote the novel ‘The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie’?
Sindh is a province of which Asian country?
Madame de Pompadour and Madame du Barry were mistresses of which French King?
Odontology is the scientific study of what?
The wine ‘Bull’s Blood’ of Eger is produced in which country?
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?
Which US athlete won a gold medal for the high jump in the 1968 Summer Olympics?
In which London street does fictional character Sweeney Todd have his barber shop?
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?
What is the official language of Nicaragua?
Who wrote the plays ‘The Cocktail Party’ and ‘The Family Reunion’?
The fictional character ‘Disco Stu’ appears in which US cartoon tv Series?
Marie Antoinette, Queen of France and Navarre, was born in which country?
The song ‘Seventy Six Trombones’ is from which musical show?
Which US President was given the nickname the ‘Great Engineer’?
In the human body, what is stored in adipose tissue?
Which country will host the 2014 FIFA World Cup?
What is the International Vehicle Registration for Cambodia?
Opera singer Leyla Gencer was born in which European country?
In which South American country does Angostura Bitters originally come from?
The Hel Peninsula is part of which European country?
Which US singer released a 2010 album entitled ‘The Lady Killer’?
Raclette, Tilsit and Sbrinz are all types of which foodstuff?
Adam Richman takes on food challenges in which US television series?
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?
Who was known as the ‘Waltz King’ of Vienna?
‘The King of Barataria’ is the subtitle of which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta?
Sufferers, Locksmen and Dreads are followers of which religion?
The 1965 film ‘The Heroes of Telemark’ is set in which European country?
Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?
Which post in England and Wales is held by Anne Owers?
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?
In what year was the Battle of Stamford Bridge?
Who narrated the BBC television production of Paddington?
Who played the female lead in the 1957 film 'An Affair To Remember'?
Summerisle is the setting for which 1973 horror film?
Born in 1947, James Jewel Osterberg is a rock/punk pop singer better known by what name?
Who is the author of the Twilight series of best-selling books?
Wisent is an alternative name for which animal?
In which country can you find Westmorland in Cornwall and Manchester in Middlesex?
What was the name of the scientist who discovered radiation belts around the Earth at a height of approximately 10,000 miles?
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?
On British television, John Steed and Emma Peel were known collectively as what?
Other than a film soundtrack, which pop album has spent most weeks in the UK Album Charts in total?
Who was the Vanity Fair photographer responsible for the cover featuring a naked, pregnant Demi Moore?
As what is the medical condition pertussis more commonly known?
The songs 'My Funny Valentine' and 'The Lady is a Tramp' were first featured in which Rodgers & Hart musical?
In which year was the £2 coin issued and introduced in the UK, although minted in the previous year?
In which field of the arts is Terry O'Neill a leading name?
"Which European capital's English name is taken from ""black pool"" in its native language?"
Which English football league club play their home games at Gigg Lane?
Which chemical element, atomic number 74, used to be called Wolfram?
Who won Oscars for directing Platoon (1986) and Born on the Fourth of July (1989)?
During which conflict was the battle of Agincourt fought?
How many faces has an icosahedron?
The ashes of author Alfred Wainwright were scattered on the summit of which Lake District fell?
The seven sisters known as the 'Pleiades' were the daughters of which legendary figure?
Which controversial movement was founded in 1928 by the Spaniard Josemaria Escriva de Balaguer y Albas?
Which British periodical was founded by Joseph Addison and Richard Steel in 1711, the current magazine bearing the title was launched in 1828?
In which country was the 2010 football African Nations Cup held?
Which rust free cars were built in Dunmurry, Northern Ireland in the late 1970s?
Which British Prime Minister was born in Portsmouth in 1912?
"During an infamous court case who said of Lord Astor's denial ""Well he would, wouldn't he""?"
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?
What was the nickname of Henry Percy, the eldest son of the first Earl of Northumberland?
What was the stage name of the British comedian Chaim Reuben Weintrop?
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?
Who created the Barry McKenzie cartoon strip in the 1960s?
Which country, a member state of the EC, is noted for the production of the rich dessert wine Commandaria?
Basutoland is now known as what?
Charleston is the capital of which US state?
What special name is given to Tibetan monks?
In which country are the ruins of the ancient city of Carthage?
What was the Elephant Man's real name?
Which force were defeated by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon in 490BC?
Which real life astronaut was played by Tom Hanks in the film 'Apollo 13'?
Which boxer was portrayed b Robert De Niro in the film 'Raging Bull'?
From which 1976 musical does the song 'Oh What a Circus' come?
What was the name given to the German annexation of Austria in 1938?
Which city was known as Edo before assuming its current name in 1868?
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?
Which Aztec ruler was deposed by Cortez?
What was Groucho Marx's real first name?
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"
When Alexander the Great had an Empire to which Asian Country did it stretch?
Name the English war artist who painted 'Totes Meer' and 'Battle of Britain'.
In Greek mythology what was the name of the goatlike man with pointed ears, horns and a tail?
Who composed the symphonic poem `Dance Macabre'?
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?
Name the 2003 Turner Prize winning artist whose alter ego is Claire?
Zamalek is a top football club from which African country?
The Spanish La Liga football club Villarreal share their nickname with which Beatles song?
Which is the only country outside Africa where lions can be found in the wild?
Espiritu Santo is the largest island of which island republic?
Which Mexican revolutionary was born Doroteo Arango in 1878?
Under what sign of the Zodiac is someone who has their birthday on Christmas Day?
In which city does the action of the Shakespeare play Measure for Measure take place?
What was the name of the American Presidential retreat before it was called Camp David?
Afghanistan's controversial Parwan Detention Facility is better known in the 'western world' by what name?
Cosa Nostra refers to what organization?
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?
Swede Carl Linnaeus, 1707-78, considered the father of taxonomy of living things, is the lectotype (example specimen) for which species?
The German 'Dosenwerfen', the French 'Chamboule-tout', and the British 'Aunt Sally' are?
What British army bugle call used at funerals originally signalled the end of the military day after final inspection?
Meaning 'quiet loud' what is the full modern Italian name for the piano?
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?
Which country since the late 1900s has governed/overseen the increasing independence of the New Caledonia archipelago, east of Australia?
Which animal provided the etymological and scientific derivation of a 'vaccine'?
What is the collective name for The Colossus of Rhodes, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Pharos at Alexandria, the Pyramids of Egypt, Pheidias' Statue of Jupiter at Olympus, the Temple of Diana at Ephesus and the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus?
Approximately how many years old is the living part of Australia's Great Barrier Reef?
What Belgian city boasts the famous urinating boy fountain called 'Manneken Pis'?
What highly influential movement of artwork is considered established by Picasso, Braque, Metzinger and others in Paris, 1911?
What plant, named Olea europaea, is an ancient widely used metaphor for peace?
What is the Intel Corporation's famous and strangely apple-related processor brandname?
In June 2013 US Texas State Senator Wendy Davis filibustered for 10 hours to obstruct Texas state laws concerning?
The rights to which famous character were sold by creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster to Detective Comics for $130 in 1937?
Generally the standard steps per minute for a military 'quick march' pace is?
The technical term abecedarian refers to what form of organization?
The word Tet in the Tet Offensive (N Vietnam/Viet Cong against S Vietnam/US forces on 30 Jan 1968) referred to the national?
"The Duke of Wellington's suggestion of ""Sparrowhawks"" to Queen Victoria was made in connection with the control of birds at which London building?"
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?
Anaphylaxis is what sort of life-threatening illness?
What red fruit-juice-based drink whose name alludes to energy was first produced by John Noel Nichols in Manchester, 1908?
Dassault, Embraer, Grob, and Sino Swearingen are makers of which high-end transport?
In language/text a 'tittle' commonly refers to what feature of a letter?
The hamburger is named after?
What swirly pattern is named after the administrative central town of Renfrewshire in Scotland?
What characteristic of Borneo ranks it among the largest five globally?
Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?
What main category of machines 'produce continuous power from a wheel/rotor, usually with vanes, revolved by fast flowing fluid'?
In physics, what is a substance that continually deforms/flows under applied stress, including liquids, gases and plasmas?
A polygraph is more popularly called a?
In what year was Band-Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas the UK Christmas chart-topping record (bonus point each for the years of reissue success by Band Aid II and Band Aid 20)?
Aside from English what is the official language of India?
How many North American railway metro systems are busier than Mexico City's metro?
What is Mexico's most commonly used language?
At which sport has Indonesia won several medals including gold in each Summer Olympics from 1992-2008?
Which European nation was the colonial power of Indonesia for 350 years until officially ceding control in December 1949?
The Turkish Van (or Turkish Vankedisi), originally from the eastern Turkish lakeside city of Van, is domestic breed of?
What is the acronym referring to a scale of readiness in the US military, derived from 'defense readiness condition'?
Famous for 'Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung', Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860) was a German?
Pandalus borealis is more commonly called (and officially named by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization)?
360 Varial, Ollie, Nollie, and Frontside Air are terms in?
What Cantonese mixed bite-size food means literally 'touch the heart'?
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?
SS Ancon was the first ship to navigate what single-vowelled passage on 15 August 1914?
What product 'brand' from the Gamay is traditionally released the third Thursday of November each year?
Which letter appears in various alphabets in the traditional Wikipedia globe logo?
Name the iconic and highest ranking military leader to be killed in the first world war?
The Arabic term 'Al-jebr' (reunion of broken parts) is famously associated with?
The volcano Olympic Mons, three times taller than Mount Everest, and the highest peak in the Solar System, is on?
Matthias Sammer, Ronaldo, Zinedine Zidane, Rivaldo, and Luis Figo won what between 1990-2002?
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?
'The Great American Chocolate Bar' is eponymously better known as 'the (What?) bar'?
Who conceived the effective communication theory 'Three Modes of Persuasion' (comprising Logos, Ethos and Pathos)?
The word barber - meaning a men's/boy's hairdresser - is from Latin meaning?
Which famous city has the official website domain www.mcgm.gov.in?
What creature was used as the US Dodge automotive logo in the 1930s-50s, and again 1970s-2000s?
Name the trademarked bass-frequency cinematic effect developed by Cerwin-Vega and Universal Studios initially for the 1974 film Earthquake?
Once the longest street in the world Yonge (pronounced Young) Street has its southern end in which city? The ice hockey Hall of Fame stands on a corner with Front Street.
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?
What name is shared by a former Manchester City FC manager (1965-1971) and a champion flat jockey who used to ride for the Queen?
What was the name of the Super Typhoon that devastated the Philippines and Southeast Asia in November 2013?
When was the guillotine last used in France?
Which Himalayan garden shrub was first brought to the UK by Joseph Hooker?
"Which Greek dramatist, who lived from 485 to 406BC, wrote ""Medea"", ""Orestes"" and ""Iphigenia in Tauris""?"
Who invented the telescope in 1608?
Who composed the opera The Huguenots?
What was the first name of the father of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, a French engineer who moved to England and constructed the Thames Tunnel?
Which TV series was about a pop group called 'Little Ladies' featuring Charlotte Cornwell, Julie Covington and Rula Lenska?
The disease pertussis is more commonly known by what name?
Who was the choreographer of the dance troupe Hot Gossip?
Which English monarch founded Eton College in the 15th century?
The fictional Arkham Asylum featured in which 70's TV series?
Canal+ TV is based in which country?
What F1 event is now for vintage and classic cars, run from Brescia to Rome?
Michelangelo Merisi (or Amerighi) is the birth name of which artist?
Which Wirral-born Radio 1 disc jockey died in Peru in 2004?
HRH Princess Anne?s Gloucestershire country home is called what?
The Gateway Arch, aka Gateway to the West, America?s largest man-made monument, is in which city?
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?
Which athlete was nicknamed The Jarrow Arrow?
Which is the only English football team, in the top four divisions, to have a Latin word in its name?
America's People magazine named which actress as the World's Most Beautiful Woman in 2013? She plays Pepper Potts in the Iron Man series of films.
Who captained the England rugby union team 59 times between 1988 and 1996?
Who wrote the James Bond novel Solo?
Little Monsters are Twitter followers of which female singer-songwriter? ;
Which racehorse, unbeaten in 14 races, won an unprecedented 9 consecutive Group One races including the 2,000 Guineas in 2011 and is the highest ever rated by Timeform?
Which Mexican dish is a steamed corn husk filled with meat or vegetables coated in masa dough?
Who voices Donkey in the Shrek series of films?
What was the previous name of the city of Maputo?
The greatest confirmed age for any living creature is for a species of quahog (pronounced ko-hog) at over 500 years old. What is the common name for this species of creature?
Katie Melua was born in which republic of the USSR, now anindependent country
Which mountain range stretches for 1500 miles and has Mount Mitchell at 6,684 feet as its highest point?
In which 1816 novel do we meet the characters Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth?
Under what name did Dr Brooke Magnanti write her blog about her life as a call girl?
Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?
Name the author of the 1993 Booker prize-winning novel `Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha'.
Of which band was Feargal Sharkey the lead singer until 1983?
Caroline of Brunswick was married to which British king?
Who won the .1995 Best Actress Oscar for her role as Sister Helen Prejean in the film `Dead Man Walking'?
Jose Mourinho was appointed manager of which football club September to December 2000 - his first managerial post?
In which Canadian province or state is Cape Race?
What was the middle name of the author William Thackeray?
Which team did Jose Mourinho manage to win the 2004 UEFA Champions League Final - beating Monaco 3-0?
"Who composed the works ""The Fountains of Rome"" and ""The Pines of Rome"" in 1916 and 1924 respectively?"
With its 14 lanes which New York city bridge carries the greatest amount of traffic?
Adi Dassler founded the Adidas company, which company was founded by his brother Rudolf in 1948?
Which city was the setting for Shakespeare’s play Measure for Measure?
"Which writer's first works were gathered into a series of short stories called ""Plain Tales From The Hills"" in the 1880s?"
Which US folk singer had the words “This machine kills fascists” written on his guitar?
Karl Eisner created which multitool?
In which English county is Lake Rudyard?
How is his holiness Tenzin Gyatso better known?
Which country is bordered by Cambodia and Laos to the west and China to the north?
"""Belshazzar's Feast’’, ""Portsmouth Point” and ""Facade” are among the works of which composer?"
in which century was St Bartholomew's Hospital located in West Smithfieid, London founded?
Where did the first battle of the English Civil War take place?
Which English town is situated close to the most easterly point of the United Kingdom ?
How many dominoes are there in a double six set?
What is the correct title of the 1967 hit by Keith West that is often called Grocer Jack?
Sharing his surname with a biblical character, which footballer scored the deciding goal in the 1967 FA Cup Final?
In which year was the battle of Rorke's Drift?
What is now Africa's biggest country in terms of land area after the split of Sudan?
Whose statue, situated in Grafton Street in Dublin is known as 'the tart with the cart'?
"Which book of the New Testament, as with Genesis, starts with the words ""In the beginning ...."" ?"
In which English city will you find the Ashmolean museum?
Who allegedly solved the riddle of the Gordian knot simply by slicing it with his sword?
Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?
Which geological perioed falls between the Triassic and the Cretaceous periods?
Which was the earliest London underground line?
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?
Which European country switched to driving on the right in 1967?
Kurt Russell is the long term partner of which actress?
What is the first name of Madame Bovary in Flaubert's 1856 novel?
Daniel Casey played the role of Detective Sergeant Troy in which TV series?
Which Scottish engineer gave the first public demonstration of TV?
What name is given to the soft spots on a baby's head which, during birth, enable the bony plates of the skull to flex allowing the child's head to pass through the birth canal?
"Which work by Dylan Thomas starts with the words ""To begin at the beginning""?"
Which English TV presenter became very famous on Dec 1st 1976 when he interviewed the punk band The Sex Pistols live on TV prompting much bad langauge from the band?
What is the name of the strait that lies between Australia and New Guinea that links the Coral Sea to the East with the Arafura Sea to the west?
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?
In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?
Which token in a game of Monopoly was once known as Rich Uncle Pennybags?
Aladdin Sane and Diamond Dogs were number one albums for which famous singer in the 1970's?
David Tyler is the current chairman of which leading supermarket chain?
"Which ""Carry On"" film contained the line 'Oh yes colonel, many times, but never with a daffodil'?"
"Which actor played the lead role of Jay Gatsby in the 1974 film ""the Great Gatsby"""
"Which snooker player had the nickname ""The Thunder from Down Under""?"
"Who is the principal actor who plays a character named Michael Blomqvist in the 2011 film ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo""?"
Originally marketed as a rat poison what is the most commonly used drug in the treatment of thrombosis and embolism?
Which US state lends its name to a baked pudding, made with ice cream, sponge and meringue?
The human brain is made up of between 10 billion and 100 billion nerve cells known as what?
Which microprocessor was introduced by Intel in 1993?
The upper house of the Canadian parliament is known as the Senate; what is the lower house called?
In which northern English city will you find the Royal Armouries Museum?
Where in the west country can you find a branch of the Tate Gallery?
The Nazi regime was Germany's Third Reich; which was the first Reich?
In 1992 Durham joined the County Cricket Championship; which county was the last one to join before Durham?
Which county won the County Cricket Championship in 1959, after Surrey had won seven consecutive titles from 1952 to 1958?
Who is the only person allowed to consume alcohol in the chamber of the British House of Commons and even then on only one special day of the year?
What name is given to the Middle Eastern dish of deep fried balls of ground chickpeas or Fava Beans, usually served in Pitta Bread?
what is chased down Cooper's Hill in Gloucestershire in a traditional race every Spring Bank Holiday?
On which river does Cardiff stand?
What was the name of the USAAF B-17 Flying Fortress whose aircrew were the first to complete 25 missions in Europe during World War II ?
What is the most popular name for Whistler's canvas Arrangement in Grey and Black?
Which 18th century stately home is situated one mile south of Woodstock in Oxfordshire?
Which country left the Commonwealthin 1972 and rejoined in 1989?
Who has recently overtaken Brian O'Driscoll to become Ireland's most capped player?
Which French chemist, regarded as the father of modern chemistry, was guillotined in 1794?
Which castle near Deal in Kent has served, since 1708, as the official residence of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports?
What type of sportsman is a Rikishi?
In Osacar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest who utters the line 'a handbag' ?
Although not the state capital, which is the largest city in the U.S. state of Nebraska ?
In which Lake District town would you find the Cumberland Pencil Museum?
Which war veterna, who died in 2009 had the nickname 'The Last Fighting Tommy'?
Having held the position since 2004, Richard Wallace is the editor of which daily newspaper?
Appointed on June 22nd 2011 who is the current manager of Birmingham City FC?
Which prison themed TV series that began in 1979 featured an evil prison officer named Joan (the freak) Ferguson, played by the actress Maggie Kirkpatrick?
Having a height of 3,478 metres, Mount Mulhacen is the highest mainland point of which country?
Symphony number 104 by Joseph Haydn and symphony number 2 by Ralph Vaughan Williams are both named after which European capital city?
Who did Betty Boothroyd replace as Speaker of the House of Commons on April 27th 1992?
In which sea are the Cayman Islands?
Hillary Mantel won the 2009 Booker Prize with which novel?
Which British king married Mary of Teck?
Which of the seven wonders of the ancient world was thought to have straddled the harbour of a Greek island?
Who writes the scripts for the TV series Downton Abbey?
"In the 1964 book ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" by Roald Dahl, what is the name of the young girl who is described as 'a girl who is spoiled by her parents'? She is the second person to find a golden ticket and the third to be ejected from the tour."
What was is the name of Penelope Pitstop’s car in the children’s tv cartoon series ‘Wacky Races’?
The Wang River is in which Asian country?
Which tennis player was known as the Rockhampton Rocket?
The ports of Puck and Jastarnia are in which European country?
Which famous racehorse won Australia’s Melbourne Cup in 1930?
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?
Cobweb is a fairy in which Shakespeare play?
Which series ended on UK television in 1989 after a 26 year run, and returned in 2005?
In 1216, English monarch King John was said to have lost the crown jewels while crossing which body of water?
Which British playwright was killed with a hammer by his lover Keith Haliwell in 1967?
What is the nickname of baseball star Jimmie Foxx?
The Free Officers Movement was composed of young junior army officers committed to unseating the monarchy of which African country?
In which year was the storming of the Bastille, which started the French Revolution?
Who was the first poet to be buried at Poet’s Corner in London’s Westminster Abbey?
‘The Night of the Long Knives’ refers to which leader eliminating many of his political enemies?
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?
The 1958 film ‘Gigi’ was based on the novel by which French author?
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?
Which US gangster was released from Alcatraz prison in November 1939?
The fictional characters William Dobbin and Rawdon Crawley appear in which novel?
Who does the commentary in the UK tv programme ‘Come Dine With Me’?
Hidrosis is the medical term for which bodily function?
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?
Which national team beat Hungary 4-2 to win the 1938 FIFA World Cup?
Who plays Daphne in the 2002 film ‘Scooby-Doo’?
The Euro is divided into how many cents?
In the NATO phonetic alphabet which word represents the letter ‘C’?
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?
Rodolfo and Mimi are the main characters in which opera by Giacomo Puccini?
In which year did it become compulsory to wear seat belts in front seats of cars in the UK?
Which country was invaded by Iraq in 1990?
The Oroville Dam is in which US state?
In Greek mythology, Amphitrite, queen of the sea, was the wife of which god?
Sandygate Road football and cricket stadium is in which English city?
How many hundredweight are in a UK ton?
Smoky, Leaf-nosed and Vesper are all species of which creature?
How many stars are on the national flag of Liberia?
What is the US state capital of Idaho?
Nguyen Tan Dung became Prime Minister of which country in June 2006?
Boll weevil cause damage to which crop?
Which city hosted the 1992 Summer Olympic Games?
Steve Martin and which other actor hosted the 2010 Academy Awards?
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?
In Greek mythology, who was the first wife of Aegeus?
How many stars are on the national flag of New Zealand?
La Paz is the administrative capital of which South American country?
In the game of Bingo, ‘Get up and run’ represents which number?
In February 1938, Roberto M. Ortiz became President of which South American country?
Which poet wrote ‘The Lake Isle of Innisfree’?
In September 2006 the government of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was overthrown in which Asian country?
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?
Maria Fitzherbert was ‘married’ to which British monarch?
Mount Chimborazo is in which South American country?
Who wrote the poem ‘The Lady of the Lake’?
Henry Blake, Charles Winchester and Father Mulcahy are all characters in which US tv series?
Selenology is the scientific study of which celestial body?
In the game ‘Metal Gear Solid’,who is the twin brother of Solid Snake?
The Forest of Arden is in which English county?
Louis Reard created which two-piece item of clothing in 1946?
In which British city is the Jewry Wall Museum?
What is the main ingredient of borscht soup?
Thanatology is the scientific study of what?
Which actor succeeded Marlon Brando as head of the Corleone family in the Godfather films?
Brown, American Rainbow and Cutthroat are all types of which fish?
Who designed St Paul’s Cathedral in London?
In the 2005 Julian Barnes novel ‘Arthur and George’, who is Arthur?
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?
In Verdi's opera 'Rigoletto', what is the name of the daughter of the title character?
Who was the last British Prime Minister to represent a Welsh constituency?
Who is the Vice President, and High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy?
"Who wrote the 1993 Booker Prize winning novel ""Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha""?"
What is the name of the large sandbank, located 62 miles off the coast of north east England in the North Sea?
Saint Augustine, the oldest city in the USA, is in which state?
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?
In Italian cookery, what name is given to soft dumplings made from semolina or wheat flour?
Which daily newspaper was founded in 1903 by Alfred Harmsworth as a 'newspaper for women, run by women'?
"In which 1932 movie did Greta Garbo say I want to be alone""?"
How many dot positions are usually used in each letter of the Braille system?
Which country scored the first goal in the 2010 World Cup tournament?
What was the name of the huge beast, probably a hippo, described in the Book of Job?
In computing, what started life at Stanford University as 'backrub'?
Edward Oxford and Rodney Maclean, et al, tried to assassinate which British monarch?
Which month of the year came second in the Roman calendar?
Tina Turner Highway, Tennessee, links Brownsville and which town?
What do we call the vegetable called the rutabaga in America?
Who won the 1952 US Presidential election?
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?
In which city in the UK is the National Railways Museum?
Which boxer was the first to defeat Mike Tyson in a professional fight, in February 1990?
"In the book by L. M. Montgomery, in which Canadian province is ""Anne of Green Gables"" set?"
Which English football team has played home games at St. Andrew's Stadium since 1906?
Three of the contiguous states of the USA have Pacific coastlines. Washington and California are two. Which is the third?
Who has been Archbishop of York since 2005?
How many balls are used in bar billiards?
Who was the French composer of the ballet Giselle?
What is the English translation of the place name Las Vegas?
Who was the first British golfer to win the US Masters?
Ray Harryhausen is famous in the world of cinema for what?
Which is the only mythical creature found in the Chinese zodiac?
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?
Which music act took its name from a Bernard Cribbins hit record?
Krakatoa is part of which country?
In which Thomas Hardy novel does Michael Henchard appear?
Which island is particularly associated with the artist Paul Gauguin?
"Which character who featured in the first ever edition of the radio programme 'The Archers' ""died"" in February 2010?"
Which Alfred Hitchcock film reaches its climax on Mount Rushmore?
In which mountains does the Loire river rise?
Which 'literary' nickname has been given to the extinct species of man, discovered in Indonesia 2003, named Homo Floresiensis?
"""A Shropshire Lad"" is a work of poetry by whom?"
"Whose memoirs, published in 2010, were called ""A Journey""?"
"What was the title to John Buchan's sequel to ""TheThirty Nine Steps""?"
Who was the first Scotsman to appear on a Bank of England banknote?
When was the first stamp, the Penny Black, issued in Britain?
Who, according to legend, cut the Gordian Knot?
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?
"""Love Never Dies"" is the sequel to which stage musical?"
Rebecca Front plays Detective Chief Superintendent Innocent in which TV series?
The advance south into England by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745 reached approximately as far as the Swarkstone Bridge on which major English River?
"From which Shakespeare play does the line ""A plague on both your houses"" come?"
How many Brandenburg Concertos did Bach write?
The Zugspitze is the highest mountain in which country?
How many symphonies did Brahms compose?
In which city is Nevil Road County Cricket Ground?
What is the name of Long John Silver's parrot in Treasure Island?
What was the surname of the Alice - the inspiration of Alice in Wonderland?
Mswati III is the king of which African country?
What is the star sign of the date of the Battle of Waterloo?
What play was President Lincoln watching the night he was assassinated in 1865?
Hong Kong is one of two 'special administrative regions' of China; what is the other?
`Sufferin' succotash' is a catchphrase of which cartoon cat?
Derailleur systems are the gears on what type of device?
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?
What 1859 historical novel contains chapters called 'Knitting', 'Still Knitting' and 'The Knitting Done'?
Andy Warhol factory members Holly Woodlawn, Candy Darling, Joe Dallesandro, Joe Campbell and Jackie Curtis were the real people who inspired which 1972 song?
What consumer electronics product shares its name with the common name of the fruit Rubus Fructicosis?
In popular music how is Paul Hewson better known?
The naval Battle of Coronel took place during which war?
The Corryvreckan whirlpool lies to the north of which Scottish island?
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?
Len Martin, who read the football results on BBC from 1958 until his death in 1995, was succeeded in the job by whom?
Dame Elizabeth Frink (1930-1993) was famous for which art form?
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?
Which zodiac sign is between Libra and Sagittarius?
Who was king of Great Britain and Ireland when the American colonies were lost?
Who wrote the novel Rasselas in a single week in 1759 to pay for his mother's funeral?
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?
Who had hits with Go Now and Nights in White Satin?
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"
Which statesman was known as the Iron Chancellor?
What was left in Pandora's Box after all the evil escaped?
What is the state capital of Florida?
Who was sacked as the Beatles' drummer and replaced by Ringo Starr?
In which is Shakespeare's plays are the title character's last words the rest is silence?
Which Roman Emperor was allegedy killed by his wife, Aggripina, in AD54?
Whose last words were Et Tu Brute according to Shakespeare?
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?
The original United Artists film studio was founded in 1919 by D.W. Griffith, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks and who else?
Which Holiday movie favourite featured a character called Kevin McCallister?
Who was the author of Pygmalion'?
Who was the third President of the USA, following on from George Washington and John Adams was also famed for his numerous inventions?
What is the minimum age of someone running for the office of President of the United States?
England won the 1966 World Cup beating Germany 4-2. Hurst scored 3 of England's goals who scored the other?
From which 1960s sci-fi movie did 1980s pop sensation Duran Duran take their name from a character from the movie?
The Red Sea is connected to the Indian Ocean by which gulf ?
The Red Setter is more properly known by which name?
What was the name of the World War I fighter ace nicknamed the Red Baron?
What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?
What was founded by Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile to keep Catholic orthodoxy as the major religion of their kingdoms?
In golf, what name is given to a score of three under par on a given hole?
Which singer played the Goblin King Jareth in the film Labyrinth'?
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?
Name the fantasy movie directed by Terry Gilliam, where 6 dwarves have stolen a map.
Which TV comedy had characters McLaren, Blanco & Warren
In which TV series would you find an Eagle Transporter
Which jazz saxophonist was nicknamed Bird
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?
Who created the Miss World pageant?
Which method of painting consists of applying pigment to wet plaster?
Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?
The King of Wishful Thinking was a hit song used during the opening credits of the movie Pretty Woman. Who sang it?
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs
What was the name of Shari Lewis' sassy sock puppet?
Captain Corelli's mandolin is a book a film set in which country
What is the second biggest city in the UK?
Who was the second wife of Henry VIII?
Which actor does the interviewing in 'Interview with a Vampire'?
In Vladimir Nabokov's book "Lolita", what is Lolita's real name?
Which RAF fighter-bomber was built by the Panavia partnership?
What was the name of the sixth studio album released by Prince and the Revolution in June of 1984?
In which film series would you expect to film Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Malark?
Louis Smith won an individual silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 London Olympics. For what discipline?
Which former prime minister appeared on the Morecambe and Wise Christmas Special in 1978?
Where does the infamous "Streif" downhill ski race take place?
What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?
How many lines are there in a sonnet?
What is the American version of Strictly Come Dancing called?
What artist designed the logo for Chupa Chups lollipops?
In the 'Jungle Book' what type of creature was 'Bagheera'?
What was the first Beatles film?
What was the name of the Liverpool nightclub where the Beatles regularly played?
How many US states are prefixed by the word New?
Although he never won an Oscar for best director, one of Hitchcock's films did win an Oscar for best picture. What was the film?
In which New York borough would you find Hell’s Kitchen?
Which airline is nicknamed ‘The Flying Kangaroo’?
‘Think Different’ is an advertising slogan for which company?
Buenos Aires is the capital of which South American country?
Apiculture is the raising and care of which creatures?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
Which vegetable was the first to be canned?
The town of Tobermory is on which Scottish island?
In the novel ‘Wuthering Heights’ by Emily Bronte, Catherine’s father found Heathcliffe on the streets of which English city?
Which Asian country hosted its first Formula One Grand Prix motor race in October 2010?
In UK currency, how many sides does a twenty pence piece have?
In humans, otalgia, is the medical term for what?
British MP, Diane Abbott, learned to play which musical instrument in the tv series ‘Play It Again’?
At which school was Captain Hook educated?
In Greek mythology which of the Olympian gods was the goddess of fertility, agriculture, horticulture, grain and harvest?
What 2009 hit record by Lily Allen concerns her boyfriend's performance in the bedroom?
Of which US rock band is Anthony Kiedis a founder member and lead singer?
Which British island was known to the Romans as Mona?
In Pride and Prejudice what was the first name of Mr Darcy?
Which US president had the middle name Rudolph?
Who was the first female American astronaut?
Anne Aston was a dizzy blonde hostess of which 1960s TV game show?
Rincewind and 'The Luggage' appear in which series of books?
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?
Which ship did Drake command against the Spanish Armada?
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?
Which TV programme's 'experts' include Francis Prior and Phil Harding?
Who wrote the Mott The Hoople hit 'All The Young Dudes'?
Dao is a region of wine production in which country?
Moroni is the capital of which Indian Ocean island group?
Arthur Thistlewood led which failed conspiracy in 1820?
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?
What is the common name for the garden shrub pyracantha?
TV host Cat Deeley married which comedian in 2012?
Former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Hug married which presenter and comic writer in 2010?
The sea between Australia and New Zealand is named after an explorer of what nationality?
Introduced in 1908, for what does the B in the degree-equivalent course MBA stand?
What German battleship was sunk in December 1943 during the Battle of the North Cape, by HMS Duke of York and her escorts?
What German battleship was sunk in November 1944 by Barnes-Wallis' Tallboy bombs, dropped by Lancaster bombers?
Which UK city is traditionally associated with jute, jam and journalism?
What was the only British Number One single by The Four Tops?
Which famous conductor conducted the very first performance of Hoist's 'The Planets' in 1918?
Which TV detective was assisted by DS George Toolan?
In which district of East London did Jack the Ripper operate?
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?
For what does the G stand in the navigational aid, usually known as a `GPS'?
Which word is used for the letter U in the phonetic alphabet?
Who was the original base player with The Shadows?
What is the trophy awarded to the women's world team champions in badminton?
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"
High Willhays is the highest point of what National Park?
What is the title of Tony Blair's autobiography/memoir published in 2010, which covered events from 1994 to his resignation as Prime Minister?
Which fashion designer was suspended by Dior after making anti-semitic remarks in a Paris bar in 2011?
In 1825 which canal was opened, cutting travel time from New York City to the Great Lakes?
In which US TV series was Peter Graves greeted with the message 'Good morning, Mr Phelps '?
Which African city is served by O R Tambo airport?
Who was on the English throne when Jack Cade led the Men of Kent in a short lived revolt?
Which product is advertised on TV with the slogan 'It does exactly what it says on the tin'?
Which man won a record 26 Academy Award 'Oscars'?
Which children's fictional character lives at 32, Windsor Gardens, London?
Who played the part of 'Fitz' in the TV series 'Cracker'?
Which car company has owned the Lagonda name since 1947?
Which BBC TV sitcom about a retired security guard was set at 37 Wyngate Drive in the first series then at 19, Riverbank for the final 5 series?
Which American singer-songwriter wrote 'Sweet Baby James', the title track of his second album in 1970?
Which river enters the sea at Whitby in Yorkshire?
What is the name of the agreement under which passport controls have been abolished in 22 EU and 4 non-EU states?
In Greek mythology who was the god of the north winds?
The flag of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was what single colour?
Who was born at Villa Mon Repos, Corfu, in 1921?
Hagar was the mother of which of Abraham's sons?
Which word can be a golf term, a Space vehicle or a one time boy's comic?
"What name is given to the maxim ""employees tend to rise to their level of incompetence.""?"
Which Japanese company has bought Horizon Nuclear Power and so has the contract to build nuclear power stations in Britain from 2015?
In which children's TV series does Shaggy appear?
According to L Frank Baum's 'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz', the Road to the City of Emeralds is paved with what?
Whom did Malcolm III kill in battle in 1057 to become King of Scotland?
Brown Willy is the highest point in which county?
Shining Tor is the highest point in which county?
Which river flows through Cork City where it splits in two for a short distance, creating an island on which Cork's city centre is built?
Which archipelago in the North Sea belonged to Britain until 1990 when ownership passed to Germany?
In which US state is Harvard University?
What was the name of the frog in the children's TV series Hector's House?
To which group of primates do Aye Ayes belong?
Which classical author wrote the Anabasis?
In which country was there a secret police force called the Ton Ton Macoutes?
Which duo had a hit album entitled Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)?
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymph who fell in love with Narcissus, but who was said to have pined away when her love was not returned, leaving only her voice?
The Marquesas Islands lie in which ocean?
Keflavik is the main international airport of which country?
Which British artist’s works include ‘The First Real Target’?
Which King of England sold Dunkirk to Louis XIV of France?
What was the middle name of US actor James Dean?
Which French author wrote the fairy tales ‘Little Red Riding Hood’ ‘Sleeping Beauty’ and ‘Puss in Boots’?
Author J.R.R. Tolkien was born in which country?
The pilgrim route to Santiago de Compostela in Northern Spain is known as the ‘Way’ of which saint?
Who was the first Hanover King of England?
Which group released an album in 1986 entitled ‘The Queen is Dead’?
Which British Prime Minister said of Downing Street ‘One of the most precious jewels in the national heritage’?
Antigonus is a character in which Shakespeare play?
Which bodily fluid is collected in a lachrymatory?
Which British singer played Jareth the Goblin King in the 1986 film ‘Labyrinth’?
Golfer Ernie Els was born in which country?
Aconcagua is the highest mountain in which mountain range?
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?
Which British actress played Valerie in the 1997 film ‘Nil By Mouth’?
Apart from English, what is the official language of Canada?
What is the name of the steam locomotive which set the world speed record in July 1938 by reaching 126 mph on the East Coast Mainline  in England?
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?
What is a positively charged ion called?
In which part of the human body is the limbic system?
What was the name of the Cunard ocean liner which was launched on 20th September 1906?
In which James Bond film does actress Jane Seymour play Solitaire?
In ‘Follow That Camel’, the fourteenth Carry On film, Sid James was replaced by which US actor?
A mahout is a person who works, tends and rides which animal?
How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?
‘The Weeping Woman’ is the work of which artist?
The Koppen System is a classification system for what?
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?
The United Nations University is based in which Asian city?
Which English singer/songwriter/musician wrote the Tremeloes hit ‘Here Comes My Baby’ at the age of eighteen?
The Strawberry Museum in the town of Wepion is in which country?
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?
Which British politician became Member of Parliament for Epping in October 1924?
‘The Crafty Cockney’ was the nickname of which British darts player?
Which famous jewellers makes the Super Bowl Trophy?
Bedloe’s Island in New York Harbour, is the former name of which island?
What is the name of the Jewish spring festival which celebrates the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt?
Sadler’s Wells Ballet and the Vic-Wells Ballet were the previous names of which British ballet company?
In which year did Margaret Thatcher become British Prime Minister?
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?
Taka is the basic monetary unit of which country?
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?
Which Mediterranean island gained independence in 1959 under the presidency of Archbishop Makarios?
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?
Wanlockhead is the highest village in which European country?
Which European country hosted the 1956 Winter Olympic Games?
‘Lofsongur’ is the national anthem of which country?
In Roman mythology, what was the name of the brother slain by Romulus?
In 1951, which European country saw the abdication of King Leopold lll in favour of his son Baudouin?
A saluki is which type of animal?
What disease was Robert the Bruce, King of Scotland, said to have died of in 1329?
‘Divine Wind’ is the English translation of which Japanese word?
Which Flemish Baroque painter’s Antwerp home is now a museum?
Which US singing duo started out under the names Caesar and Cleo?
Fidel Castro, former President of Cuba, ordered which board game to be destroyed when he took power?
Which creature features on the label of a Bacardi rum bottle?
According to the Bible, who was the only apostle to witness the crucifixion of Jesus?
Who played the role of Caligula in the 1976 UK tv series ‘I, Claudius’?
What colour is the cross on the national flag of Denmark?
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?
Composite, Shield and Cinder Cone are all types of what?
What is the name of Humphrey Bogart’s character in the film ‘Casablanca’?
What is the US state capital of Louisiana?
British-born American film actor Archibald Alec Leach was better known by which stage name?
What is the title of the 1996 Oscar-winning documentary about the Muhammad Ali and George Foreman 1974 ‘Rumble in the Jungle’ fight in Zaire?
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?
What sea lies directly south of the Irish Sea, bounded by England, Wales, Ireland and Brittany?
The Saltire is which country's flag?
UK 1980s prime minister Margaret Thatcher's nickname was the '(What?) Lady'?
The Clostridium Botulinum bacteria causes what commonly known but rare human poisoning?
What is the currency of Pakistan?
Name artist Damien Hirst's famous (supposedly £50m) diamond and platinum encrusted skull artwork?
Malaikah in the Qur'an, and Mal'akh in the Hebrew Bible?
Bass red triangle was the first ever registered (UK)?
Michael Morpurgo, author of the children's book War Horse, on which the 2012 Spielberg film (of the same name) is based, held what UK position from 2003-5?
Whose father wrote and sang the popular 'Secret Lemonade Drinker' song in the award-winning British 1970s-80s R Whites Lemonade TV advert ?
The word husband is derived from the ancient Old Norse meanings of 'house' and what activity?
How many cross-stars feature in the Subaru automotive badge logo?
As at 2012 Goulburn Correctional Centre is considered the highest security prison of which country?
(As at 2012, and here translated into English) it is illegal to use the slogan 'One People, one Empire, one Leader' in what country?
Near Field Communication technology (NFC) is a set of standards for?
The term photovoltaic refers to technology in what renewable energy?
What Canadian city was named by explorer Jacques Cartier, meaning originally 'Royal Mount'?
What is the modern name of the island borough bought by Dutchman Peter Minuit from Native Americans in 1626, and then called New Amsterdam?
As at 2012 Dame Marjorie Scardino is/was head of what high-performing global media/learning corporation?
The wonderfully named district of Hhohho is in which continent?
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?
American Jim Yong Kim was appointed head of which international organization in April 2012?
The mountainous and partly lawless province of Nuristan lies in the north-east of which country?
Name the new French president of 2012?
What is the main metallic element in the core of the moon?
An analgesic drug is commonly called a?
What name besides glove is given commonly to a baseball player's handwear?
What is the US word for an automotive wheel nut or the brace used to loosen/tighten one?
The main feature of the human illness diabetes is the body's inability to produce what hormone?
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?
From the root Greek words 'against' and 'protection', what medical term refers to a serious human allergic reaction?
What, alternatively called milk acid, is produced in the human body in power exercises?
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?
A 'wherry' is a Drink; Cheese; Wind; or Boat?
What science is sometimes called 'the central science' because it connects maths and physics with other main branches of science such as astronomy, engineering, biology, etc?
Which politician, in his previous work, set a world record in Florence in 1981 which endured for 16 years?
Toothpaste, turtle, oxblood, oilie/oily, ade, and swirly are types of what?
A harquebus/arquebus is an early form of?
What Caribbean nation is considered the first black-led republic in the world?
The word milieu refers to a person's?
Lysergic Acid Diethylamide is better known by what abbreviated name?
What mythical god has a hammer called Miolnir (or Mjölnir, or other variants)?
Who won his seventh French Open Tennis Championship in 2012?
In 2012 what nation is the world's second-largest economy, the largest exporter and second-largest importer?
Aleph, Beth, Gimel, Daleth are A B C D in which language?
What language was first to be represented in dictionaries and related language theory?
(When discovered Jan 2013) the largest known structure in the universe - a large quasar group named 'Huge-LQG' - would take how many years to cross if travelling at the speed of light?
The Italian word pizza originally referred to a?
What is confit meat cooked and preserved in?
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?
Charlotte, TJ's, Adelphi, Barfly; Joiners, and Forum are/were names in what UK market sector?
The foxtrot, a dance introduced to Great Britain around 1914, originated in which country?
What caused a 34 minute suspension of play in the 2013 Superbowl?
Which country is famous for its Blue Lagoon hot springs bathing lake?
Hydrogen Peroxide (H2O2) is one of several different forms of what commonly named chemical agent?
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?
A sophomore is a student in which year of a US college?
Cape Wrath is on the coast of which country?
What is the international telephone dialling code for Germany?
A sequence of numbers beginning 0, 1, in which each number is the sum of the previous two numbers is named after what Italian mathematician who devised the system?
What is Nashville's famous university in Tennessee US, named after the shipping and railroad magnate nicknamed Commodore?
Said to refer erroneously to the temperature at which book paper catches fire, the title of Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel about a futuristic society in which reading books is illegal, is called 'Fahrenheit...' what? 972; 451; 100; or 25?
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?
How many Oscars did the 1994 film 'Forrest Gump' win?
Vermillion is a shade of which colour?
The port of Mocha is in which country?
London's city bike rental scheme, which launched in 2010, is based on the Bixi project which introduced bike rental to which city?
What number has the square root (to the nearest four decimal places) of 1.4142? 1; 2; 3; or 4?
The Earth's Equator is approximately how many millions of metres in length?
How many pennies were in a British pre-decimal pound? 120; 200; 204; or 240?
How many legs (including arms or pincers according to certain definitions) does a crab have?
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?
What was the name of the Argentine Navy cruiser which was torpedoed and sunk during the 1982 Falklands War?
In 2010 British ex-soldier Ed Stafford became the first person (ever known) to walk the entire length of what river?
The first Apollo moon landing?
Planets in our solar system?
Legs of the largest group of species on earth?
Considered unlucky in Italy, probably because its Roman numerals are an anagram of a Latin word which can mean loosely 'I have lived', implying 'I am dead' ?
What in the human body is the calcaneum?
Pityriasis Capitis is the technical term for?
Which corporation (as at 2010) produces Schwarzkopf haircare and Pritt glue-stick products?
What is the collective term for a group of Morris dancers?
What is harvested from Hevea brasiliensis, whose other plant names separately feature the words Para and India?
What animals does a mahout work with?
The Colorado beetle attacks what crop?
What is the pole called which is used for propelling a barge or punt?
What was the US spacecraft first to return images of Mars to Earth, in July 1965?
In which country were the 1948 Winter Olympics held?
Who was the longest reigning British king?
'The Umbrellas' is the work of which French impressionist?
Dilma Rousseff was elected the first female president of which country in October 2010?
Which 1969 film starring Jane Fonda is based on the novel by Horace McCoy about a marathon dance contest?
How many suspects are in a normal game of Cluedo?
The state of Oaxaca, hit by a devastating mudslide in October 2010, is in which country?
The town of Budge Budge is in which country?
Which mime artist is associated with the character Bip?
What is the Japanese martial art, similar to judo, which uses grappling, throws, and non-resistance, to debilitate opponents?
What was the title given to the daughters of the Kings of Spain and Portugal who were not the heir to the throne?
Oster-monath was the Anglo Saxon name for which month of the year?
The Bell Rock Lighthouse, said to be the oldest surviving offshore lighthouse in the world, lies off the coast of which European country?
The Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccine is used for immunisation against what?
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?
Who composed the music known as The Nutcracker Suite, for the Christmas themed ballet The Nutcracker, premiered in St Petersburg, 1892?
What former Egyptian president was born on Christmas day in 1918?
In Mexico, it is said that wearing what colour/color underwear on New Year's Eve ensures finding new love the following year?
In what Eastern European country did violence arise against Uzbeks during 2010?
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in November 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?
What controversial relic went on display in 2010 in the Italian city whose name it bears?
Name the head of the 'whistleblowing' website Wikileaks, in the news during 2010 after publishing thousands of sensitive government and military documents?
In what European city was snooker player John Higgins stung by the News of the World newspaper relating to an alleged betting fix?
The new £340m Aviva Stadium in Ireland opened in 2010 on the site of which previous famous sports ground?
Name the Surrey (UK) town which attempted to rebrand itself with the suffix '-on-Thames' due to reference by comedian Sasha Baron Cohen's wannabe gangster character?
What city, Chile's second largest, suffered an 8.8 earthquake in 2010?
"Colton Harris Moore, the 6'5"" American teenager who made the news because he stole a boat and a plane, acquired what nickname because of his lack of footwear?"
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?
In the Blandings Castle stories by P G Wodehouse, what kind of animal is The Empress of Blandings?
In 1962, a 250cc World Championship for which sport was created, attracting machines built by Husqvarna, Bultaco, CZ and Greeves?
What was the highest grossing movie of 2010?
Who composed the opera Cosi Fan Tutte?
Aphasia is the medical term for the inability to use or understand what, resulting from damage to the brain?
Who is the the voice of cartoon character Jack Kahuna Laguna in a special episode of Spongebob Squarepants?
In rugby union, the Cook Cup is a challenge cup contested by which two countries?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 1994 film ‘Four Weddings and a Funeral’?
In the television series ‘Thunderbirds’, what is Lady Penelope’s surname?
Fiji Day is celebrated in Fiji during which month of the year?
Who played Grandad in the UK television series ‘Only Fools and Horses’?
In 1784, who designed the first power loom?
Which city hosted the 1980 Summer Olympics, which were boycotted by over 60 nations?
The Gilles Villeneuve Formula One racing circuit is in which country?
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?
How many feathers, traditionally, form the cone of a badminton shuttlecock?
Which German philosopher wrote ‘Das Kapital’?
In the UK, the LTA is the governing body of which sport?
Bombay Sapphire is what type of alcoholic drink?
Which band released a 1999 album entitled ‘The Man Who’?
Which island group in the South Atlantic was once known as the Sebald Islands?
What does the title of the play ‘Die Rauber’, by German playwright Friedrich Schiller, translate to in English?
Which English football club play their home games at Craven Cottage?
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?
A Nychthemeron is a period of how many consecutive hours?
Brazilian football legend Pele wore which number on his shirt?
The Buddh International Formula One circuit is in which country?
Which religion was founded by Guru Nanak in the 16th Century?
Dmitri Mendeleev is credited with the first version of which ‘table’?
In Greek mythology, who stole fire from the gods and gave it to the human race?
What is the Japanese art of paper-folding called?
Which country was formerly known by the Greeks as Tylos?
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?
The city of Baghdad lies on which river?
Who is the host of the BBC television show QI?
Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?
What was the name of the first wife of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher’s husband Denis?
What is the name of the cockerel in the UK television series ‘The Good Life’?
Which English Rugby Union team play their home games at Adams Park?
In cricket, which nation won the 2009 Ashes series?
Barney the Owl is a mascot of which English football club?
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?
Which is the most powerful chess piece?
How is the number ten written in Roman numerals?
Which Russian author died at Astapovo Railway Station in 1910 of pneumonia?
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?
Which former Italian Prime Minister was kidnapped by The Red Brigade in 1978, and killed after 55 days in captivity?
The village of Tightwad is in which US state?
How many US Presidents have been impeached?
In the nursery rhyme ‘As I Was Going To St Ives’ I met a man with how many wives?
Arturo Frondizi became president of which South American country in May 1958?
Which English religious leader founded The Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) in the 17th Century?
In which city is George Eliot’s novel ‘Romola’ set?
Which British monarch was the first Head of the Commonwealth?
Who released a 2011 album entitled ‘Born This Way’?
Which British monarch was nicknamed ‘The Sailor King’?
On June 4th 1979, Joe Clark became the 16th and youngest Prime Minister of which country?
Davide Santon, Dino Zoff and Simone Barone have all played for which national football team?
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?
On a map of the London Underground, what colour is the Northern Line?
In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?
Which fictional UK television doctor lives in Tannochbrae?
David Lloyd George was British Prime Minister during the reign of which monarch?
How many BTU’s  (British Thermal Units) in one therm?
What is an orthodox Mahommedan sect whose name derives from a body of traditional teaching which has equal authority with the Koran?
Which bodybuilding competition, first held in 1965, was created by Joe Weider to enable Mr Universe winners to continue competing and to earn money?
Which 2008 musical film is set on the fictional Greek island of Kalokairi?
Long An Provence is in which Asian country?
Tennis player Martina Hingis was born in which European country?
What was the first name of the mother of US President Barack Obama?
What is the name of the sidekick of cartoon superhero DangerMouse?
Which famous UK television duo provide the voices for the main characters in the children’s program ‘Engie Benjy’?
What is the more common name for the order Coleoptera which contains more species than any other order in the animal kingdom?
In metallurgy, the term 'rouging' refers to a form of corrosion found on what substance that you do not readily associate with corrosion?
Though it is the most abundant metallic element in Earth's crust, which element is very rare in its free form and once prompted Napoleon III, Emperor of France to give a banquet where the most honoured guests were given utensils made of it while the 'lesser' guests had to make do with gold!
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"
Summer Olympic sports are divided into categories based on popularity and the potential in generating revenue. As of 2014, only 3 sports are in Category A. They are athletics, aquatics, and what else?
What is the name of the yacht that won the Royal Yacht Squadron's regatta around the Isle of Wight in 1851 and lent its name to a famous sports prize?
In 2009, the tennis player Shahar Peer was prevented from playing at the Dubai Tennis Championships after she was denied a visa mainly for her nationality. Which country was she representing?
From which fruit is Slivovitz made?
"Deceased wrestler 'Leon Aras' was the voice of the ""Tetley Tea Folk"", by what more familiar name was he known?"
Who was on the English throne 1377 - 99?
Which 590 mile long river rises on France's 'Langres Plateau', enters Belgium at Givet, then flows across that country to Holland and thence to the North Sea?
From which film, for which Chaplin film wrote the music, did Petula Clark have a Number One with 'This Is My Song'?
Which team won the first 'Super Bowl'?
Which car manufacturer made models called 'Ensign' and 'Vanguard'?
Which leader of a British coalition Government became the first Earl of Dwfor?
Who was European Footballer of the Year for 1973 and 1974?
Who scored the only goal when Everton defeated Manchester United in the 1995 FA Cup Final?
Who played the title role in the 2008 film 'The Wrestler'?
Protons and Neutrons are both examples of which class of sub-atomic particle that takes its name from the Greek for 'heavy'?
Prior to the introduction of the Euro, which coin was equal to one-hundredth of a German Mark?
Which collection of poems did William Blake publish in 1794 as a sequel to his earlier collection 'Songs Of Innocence'?
Which English weaver and carpenter invented the 'Spinning Jenny' in 1764?
For what did the 'T' stand in the name of 'Captain James T. Kirk' in 'Star Trek'?
The musical 'Sunday In The Park With George' was inspired by a painting by which artist?
Livorno, Pisa and Siena are three of the largest cities in which Italian region?
Which country took over the Presidency of the European Union from Sweden on 1st. January 2010?
Which spy was sentenced to 42 years in prison in 1961, but escaped from Wormwood Scrubs in 1966?
'Professor Cuthbert Calculus' is an associate of which character?
What is the capital city of Croatia?
Who wrote the plays 'The Real Inspector Hound' and 'Arcadia'?
Who resigned as President of Germany in February?
Which Prime Minister created the first Life Peerages?
Which company with a trademark (£, a German 'L') similar to a £ sign released the first nine 'Beatles' albums?
Which painting by Thomas Gainsborough is thought to be of Jonathan Buttall, the son of a wealthy hardware merchant?
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?
Who was the Muse of Comedy?
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?
How is the former G-Mex Centre in Manchester now known?
In 1995 who famously walked out of the play 'Cellmates' after three days of its London run?
The city of Nizhny Novgorod was, from 1932 to 1990, named for which writer who was born there?
How was BBC Radio 7 rebranded in April 2011?
‘The Road Back’ is the sequel to which novel by Erich Maria Remarque published in 1929?
Edward Elgar was appointed Master of the King’s Musick to which monarch?
Kiel and Lübeck are cities in which German state?
In which city were the 1984 Summer Olympics held?
Which premiership manager upset Louis Van Gaal in February 2015, when he described his team as long ball united?
Whose picture is on the US 20 dollar note?
Name the year: American gangster AI Capone dies, Princess Elizabeth marries and India gains its independence?
How many champagne bottles are there in a Methuselah?
Which 19th century king sired ten illegitimate children, by the Irish comedienne, Dorothea Jordan?
"Director James Cameron, collected the 'Oscar' for ""Best Director"" in 1998, for which film?"
Who wrote the music for 'Jerusalem'?
What was the name of the eponymous 'Knight of the Holy Grail' in an opera by Wagner?
Which film about a submarine had as one of its stars Denzil Washington, whose character had violent disagreements with his Captain played by Gene Hackman?
Urs Buhler, Sebastian Izambard, Carlos Martin and David Millercomprise which singing group?
Who was the first winner of 'I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here'?
What is the name of the Welsh television producer and writer who created 'Torchwood'?
Who became the second Astronomer Royal upon the death of John Flamstead in 1619?
Which film, released in 2008, and starring Ryan Reynolds and Rachel Weisz, shares its title with an album released by 'Oasis' in 1994?
Prior to Gordon Brown, who was the last British Prime Minister to represent a Scottish constituency?
Which organisation, which has its Headquarters in Paris, was established on 16 November 1945?
Which 1993 film starring Tom Cruise, was about a young lawyer who eventually realised that the wealth of the Memphis law firm he worked for emanated from the Mafia?
Scone Castle shares its grounds with which racecourse?
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?
Which actor and producer married Anne Bancroft?
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"
Which British daily newspaper is published in the Berliner format?
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?
"Judi Dench won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actressfor playing which character in the 1998 film ""Shakespeare in Love""?"
When did the US TV series, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, begin its six years of seasons?
"Who released the albums ""Sentimental Journey"", ""Goodnight Vienna"", ""Bad Boy"", ""Old Wave"" and ""Vertical Man"" between 1970 and 1999?"
"What genre is the TV series ""Taggart""?"
Who is the current, in 2014, President of the IOC?
Which figure from Scottish history was played by Mel Gibson in a 1995 film?
The Malagasy people form the main ethnic group of which country?
What is kept in the sump of a motor car engine?
Gordon Ramsay opened a restaurant in 2001 in which London hotel?
How many military conflicts have been generally given the name of World War?
Which US river ends up at the Chesapeake Bay?
What is someone allergic to if they have coeliac disease?
Which city is generally accepted as the birthplace of Grunge, a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged during the mid-1980s?
What is an alternative name for Whit Sunday the time when, according to Christian tradition, the Holy Spirit descended on the Apostles?
Bob Hoskins, an English actor awarded and acclaimed for roles in TV and film ranging from gangsters to playing opposite a cartoon, died in April 2014 at 71; he also, at the age of over 60, played something very close to a romantic interest in which film?
The ship Andrea Gail features in which 1997 book and 2000 film?
The writer Tolstoy fundraised for, and donated the proceeds from some of his writing towards, helping the practitioners of what religious movement?
"What is the birth name of Kim Wilde, the daughter of 1950s UK rock 'n' roller Marty Wilde, whose debut single ""Kids in America"" (1981) reached #2 in the UK Singles Chart?"
Harvey Littleton, Dominick Labino, Dale Chihuly, Dante Marioni, Fritz Driesbach and Marvin Lipofsky are associated with producing art from what material?
Which 19th century American poet wrote over 1,000 poems which were published between 1890 and 1945, after her death?
What part of the body produces insulin?
One of the largest countries in Africa derived its food wealth for thousands of years from the regular flooding of which river?
The king of what country became Iceland's ruler by treaty in 1262?
Where does the Yellow River have its source?
"In 1976 or 1977, John Carpenter and Debra Hill began drafting a story titled ""The Babysitter Murders"", which eventually became what film?"
"""Wuthering Heights"" by Emily Bront tells the story of which two lovers?"
What name is given to the declaration of aims and policies of a political party before an election?
"Known in the USA as ""The March King"" he made his first recordings with Columbia Phonograph Company in 1890; what was his name?"
What is the commercial capital of India?
"In which "" Star Wars"" episode does Anakin Skywalker transform into the black-suited Darth Vader?"
To prove his theories of the diaspora of South American peoples, who sailed in a balsa raft called Kon Tiki across the Pacific Ocean in 1947?
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """
Who was crowned MotoGP World Champion after he finished third in the Malaysian Grand Prix on 10 October 2010?
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?
The waters of the Gulf of Mexico flow to meet the Atlantic Ocean through what?
"Which police station is at the centre of the long-running UK TV series ""The Bill""?"
"After stints backing Little Richard and the Isley Brothers, who was discovered leading ""Jimmy James and the Blue Flames"" at the Caf Wha? in New York and taken to London on 26 September 1966 to make hit records?"
Which Earl of Essex, after being sent to Ireland as Governor-General in 1599, being briefly imprisoned and leading a rebellion against Queen Eliabeth I, was executed in 1601?
What novel was published by Bob Dylan in 1971?
Dragon boat racing, as part of a complex of ceremonies, is thought to have originated where?
"Which Bob Dylan song begins ""You got a lotta nerveTo say you are my friend. When I was down, You just stood there grinning""?"
"In Australia, what is known as a ""Laughing Jackass""?"
"Which British singer, born Sandra Ann Goodrich, was known as ""the barefoot pop princess of the 1960s""?"
In Central and South America it is possible to find several rivers named Colorado, in Costa Rica, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, and Argentina; where is the source of the Colorado River in Argentina?
What is the official language of the People's Republic of Bangladesh?
What was the name of the 1976 film that told the story of Woody Guthrie?
"Which is the Muppet character who appeared in ""The Muppet Show"" from the third season and in a number of Muppet films, who throws fish which return to him and plays a fish organ (a line of fish that, when squeezed, each gargle a different note)?"
The Indus River flows the length of Pakistan and is Pakistan's main source of water for industry and drinking; where does it rise?
"One of Australia's oldest and most important industrial disputes and the subject of Henry Lawson's poem ""Freedom on the Wallaby"", in 1891 brought central Queensland to the brink of civil war. What group of people was involved?"
The 2013-4 MacRobertson Shield international competition, hosted in New Zealand, was in what sport?
The main international cricket competitions are Test matches, ODI, and which other?
In the culinary world, what word is used for the edible offal of a fowl, typically including the heart, gizzard and liver?
Redfoo and Sky Blu were members of which electronic rock band?
The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?
The cocktail called a Tom Collins consists of lemon or lime juice, sugar, soda water and what else?
Bjrn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson wrote most of the songs for which pop group?
Marat, Robespierre, Danton are names associated with what event at the end of the 18th century?
What is next in the sequence: Lima, Quito, Bogota...?
The winner of the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film 1987, Babette's Feast, was set in, and filmed by, what country?
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"
"Which is the preposition in the sentence ""Mary put her dog in the basket""?"
As at early 2015, how many Prime Ministers have served in Australia since 2013?
Cayenne, after which the spicy condiment is named, is a city in which country?
In Scotland, porridge is traditionally made with what?
What is the only country to share a land border with Denmark?
What kind of bird is the Ugly Duckling?
What product is the Singer company well-known for making?
"What Latin expression means ""Seize the Day""?"
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?
What is either a city in Germany or a type of fragrance?
"What is the ""lead"" in modern pencils made from?"
What kind of bean is used to make tempeh?
What is the name for a female peacock?
"What medical board game features body parts such as ""Charley Horse"" and ""Spare Ribs""?"
Anemia can be caused by a deficiency of what dietary mineral?
What is the common name of the clavicle?
What boy band is Harry Styles a member of?
What taxonomic rank comes between Family and Species?
Who commissioned the Domesday Book?
In what mountain range would you find the homeland of the Sherpa people?
What city state was ruled by Lorenzo de' Medici?
By area, what is the biggest country entirely in the Southern Hemisphere?
What did Antonio Stradivari make?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What is the word for a pile of rocks that marks a hiking trail?
What Carl Sagan television series was resurrected in 2014 with Neil deGrasse Tyson as host?
What country won 3 of the 5 Olympic gold medals awarded in baseball?
What artist famously cut off one of his own ears?
What city comes next in this sequence: Atlanta, Sydney, Athens, Beijing?
What U.S. state has the most coastline?
"What country's film industry is called ""Nollywood""?"
What is the term for a person whose body doesn't produce melanin?
What island is shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic?
What is the southernmost national capital?
"What U.S. state is the ""Sooner State""?"
In what country would you find Coptic Christians?
What is the largest lake in Central America?
What is the tallest building in London?
What alphabet is used in Russia?
What is either a bay in the Indian ocean or a subspecies of tiger?
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?
"What group of people in the United States speak a dialect called ""Pennsylvania German""?"
Ulster constitutes the northern part of what island?
What well-known mountain pass connects Pakistan and Afghanistan?
In what country did Bossa Nova music originate?
What country has the largest Muslim population?
What U.S. state was an independent country between 1836 and 1846?
What is Australia's largest island?
What Roman wall lies near the boundary of Scotland and England?
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?
What major American city is located on Puget Sound?
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?
What is Paris's largest airport?
What notorious leader had a similar style mustache to Charlie Chaplin?
What facial hair style was made famous by American Civil War general Ambrose Burnside?
Who is said to have gained enlightenment sitting under the Bodhi Tree?
What young pharaoh's tomb was discovered in 1922?
Who is said to have cut the Gordian Knot?
What Jewish banking family rose from the Frankfurt ghetto to become unthinkably wealthy?
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?
What abolitionist raided Harpers Ferry in 1859?
In what Beijing square were democracy activists massacred in 1989?
What atoll gained notoriety after the United States tested nuclear weapons there?
In what modern-day country was the Norse settlement of Vinland?
"Who was the villain in the movie ""Thor""?"
A 2 stroke engine, used in such devices as chainsaws, is fuelled by a mixture of petrol and what other liquid?
"Who wrote, directed, and starred in ""Citizen Kane""?"
"Who was the male half of ""Bennifer""?"
"What movie series features ""minions"" that resemble Twinkies?"
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"
"What movie featured the song ""You've Got a Friend in Me""?"
What movie featured a cute Mogwai that looked like a Furby?
Who is the famous brother of Emilio Estevez?
What techno group was formed in Düsseldorf in 1970?
"The song ""Sunday Bloody Sunday"" was about a massacre on which island?"
The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?
Lucy Honeychurch is the heroine of which novel by E. M. Forster?
In which Verdi opera do the gypsies sing the 'Anvil Chorus'?
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?
What type of exhibit can be seen in the military museum at Bovington in Dorset?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan opera has the alternate title 'Bunthome's Bride'?
In which country are the 2019 Rugby Union World Cup finals to be held?
The Song of Simeon canticle is also known by which Latin name?
Which designer, artist and poet founded the Kelmscott Press in 1891?
In literature and films Admiral Sir Miles Messery was better known as what?
Which Australian cricketer scored a record number of runs for a number 11 batsman in a Test Match innings, during the first Ashes Test of 2013 at Trent Bridge?
Which desert lies between the Red Sea and the River Nile in Sudan?
Which disastrous amphibious landing in 1942 used British troops, Canadian troops and US Rangers?
Against which nation did Sachin Tendulkar score his 100th international century?
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?
Which April fool's joke did Richard Dimbleby report on in 1957?
Which English county is Bletchley Park, the WW II code-breaking centre?
On which island is President Ulysses S.Grant burled?
Which former Lancashire town (now in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury) holds an annual Black Pudding throwing contest?
Viva Forever' is a West End musical (2012) based on the music of 'which pop group?
To what country does the island of Leyte belong, known for the Battle of Leyte Gulf in WW2?
"What hit musical show includes ""The Lambeth Walk""?"
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?
Which lengthy narrative poem by Lord Byron describes the trials and reflections of a world weary young man?
In which sport do commentators talk about the 'Corridor of uncertainty'?
Which playwright wrote Murder in the Cathedral?
The Washington Post reporters, Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward, wrote an account of the Watergate scandal, published in 1974. What was the book called?
What separates East and West Malaysia?
The film '10 things I hate about you', was inspired by which of Shakespeare's plays?
Mass suicide is said to have ended the defence by the zealots of which fortress?
Which Jane Austen character rents Netherfleld Park?
In which Asian city is the 830 metres high Burj Khalifa?
Which word begining with V describes the type of image formed when light is reflected from a plane mirror?
First published in 1932, what is the official magazine of the British Film Institute?
Who is the female presenter of the Channel 4 quiz show '1001 things you should know'?
Who is the Conservative MP for Tatton?
Who directed the film Life of Pi?
The islands of Hoy, Sanday and Westray belong to which island group?
Which veteran Hollywood actor played Judge Henry Garth in the TV western series 'The Virginian'?
Lynchburg the home of Jack Daniels whisky is in which US State?
Chang Beer originates from which country?
In which UK City is there a district called Holgate?
Tahini paste is made by grinding which seeds?
Which Australian prime minister was presumed drowned in 1967?
"What does the Latin phrase ""primus inter pares "" mean?"
Which French Canadian became Prime Minister of Canada in 1968?
Which element has the chemical symbol Cs?
Who was the longest serving US president (12 years 39 days)?
Who played Richard DeVere in the TV sitcom To the Manor Born?
Who created the fictional detective Jack Frost, played on TV by David Jason?
Which record by Dexy's Midnight Runners was the best-selling UK single of 1982?
The marine iguana can only be found on which islands?
Who wrote 'Confessions of an English Opium Eater'?
Which King of England was married to Anne of Denmark?
Which river rises in Huyton and meets the coast at Hightown?
What is the county town of the Irish County Mayo?
The peaceful overthrow of the government in Czechoslovakia in 1989 was known as what?
What is the name of the alternative medicine that uses essential oils?
Which soul singer /songwriter wrote the theme music for the 1971 film Shaft?
Whose mistress was Clara Petacci?
In jazz, which clarinettist/bandleader was known as the King of Swing?
Which mythical hero wielded the magical sword 'Hrunting'?
Who was the first British astronaut?
Five docks built on The Manchester Ship Canal in what is now Salford Quays were named after which Roman goddess? The area is now served by a Metrolink stop bearing the same name.
What type of fish is used in the production of Worcestershire sauce?
Which company makes/made a watch called 'Submariner'?
Which mythical hero wielded a magical sword called 'Gram'?
Sir William Walton's 'Crown Imperial Coronation March' was written for whose coronation?
Which millionaire introduced a free school milk programme in Chicago to combat rickets?
Ursus arctos horribilis is the scientific name of which animal?
The composer Peter Warlock was the father of which art critic?
Mount Lascar is in which South American country?
Which element is mixed with gold to make red gold?
What is each section of ten beads on a rosary called?
Planchet was the servant of which of the Three Musketeers, by Alexandre Dumas?
In November 1935, which British prime minister returned to office after a general election?
The Qur'an (or Quran, Kuran, Koran, Coran or al-Qur'an - literally 'the recitation') is the religious text of which religion?
'The House at the Back' was one of three original houses that made up which famous London address?
From which country did French horns originate?
What nation invented the kilt?
Who is the nude bow-carrying statue in London's Piccadilly Circus?
In what month is the Munich Oktoberfest beer festival held?
Colin Firth starred in the film of the famous book, Girl with a Pearl.. (what?)?
Which country suspended its annual Antarctic Whale Hunt in February 2011, after activists from a US-based environmental group chased the mother ship?
At which English racecourse did two horses collapse and die in the parade ring due to electrocution, in February 2011?
Revealed in the author's archives given to Oxford's Bodelian Library in 2008, what occupationally titled novel had the working name The Reluctant Autumn of George Smiley?
Which planet in our solar system has the shortest year?
Mistral, chinook, zonda, and willy-willy are types of which planet Earth feature?
Libya was a colony of which European country prior to World War II?
The Japanese musical instrument the shamisen (or samisen or sangen) has traditionally how many strings (the answer, in Japanese and the earlier Chinese, is in the name)?
Anosmia is the lack of which of the senses in humans?
Benesh Notation is the written language of which activity?
What alcoholic drink whose name means 'little water' was first distilled from grain in the 8-9th centuries in NE Europe?
The white pinwheel shaped Tiare is the national flower of which South Pacific island group?
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?
Hippocampus is the Latin name for which emblematic marine creature?
The moons of which planet are named after Shakespearian characters?
What is the name for mammals born incompletely developed and carried and suckled in a pouch on the mother's belly?
At what fret are found the same notes as the open strings, but an octave higher, on a standard guitar?
What ancient African nation is (at 2011) the most populated landlocked country of the world?
What common substance has the chemical formula NaCl?
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?
In humans, alopecia is the loss of what?
The most northerly point of mainland Europe is in which country?
Which author created the character Moll Flanders?
US merchant and statesman John Hancock is remembered for his large and stylish signature on which document?
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?
Rathlin Island, off the Northern Ireland coast, was refuge to which Scottish King in 1306?
Name the British scientist author of the best-selling book A Brief History of Time?
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?
The Zapatista Army of National Liberation (Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional) is a revolutionary group in which country?
What is the common name of the cooking ingredient from the hard fat of kidneys and loins of oxen, famously sold under the Atora brand?
A Gay Girl in Damascus is the title of a hoax blog by fictional feminist/freedom campaigner Amina Abdallah Alaf al Omari, who in June 2011 was said to be based and abducted in which country?
What island is noted for its biodiversity and 80% unique wildlife due to more than 80 million years' isolation from continental land mass?
What letter was added to Wii by Nintendo in 2011 when naming its next generation gaming console?
French for an additive, and a Venezuelan liberator of Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru from Spain, what was the currency of Ecuador before adopting the US dollar in the early 2000s?
Sukhoi and Tupolev are aircraft manufacturers of what nation?
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?
The Inca people lived in which continent before conquest by the Spanish?
What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?
The Levant, (deriving from 15th century French, lever, 'rising', relating to the Eastern sunrise) refers to what part of the world?
What symbol(s) does the comic book hero Captain America have on his shield and chest?
The substances isoflurane, desflurane, nitrous oxide, and sevoflurane are used as what in medicine?
Which international treaties of 1899 and 1907 cover the use of weapons in war?
Alan Greenspan is a former chairman of what organization?
What number is Hurricane on the Beaufort Scale?
Name the successful travel and 'e-tailer' website founded Martha Lane Fox and Brent Hoberman in 1998?
What US city is called in Spanish 'The Meadows'?
What country connected the ironically named Bushehr plant, the first nuclear power station in the Middle East, to its national grid in Sep 2011?
Indian corporation Tata bought what famous UK-twin-branded motor company from Ford in 2008?
A Tale of Two Cities?
Euskadi Ta Askatasuna, better known abbreviated, represents which cause?
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?
What is the darkly common name for the plague which killed 30-50% of Europe between 1347-52?
Who shot Greedo inside the cantina?
"Who wrote the nonsense poem ""Jabberwocky""?"
"Who invented the term ""Oedipus complex""?"
What type of rock is formed from lava?
What breed of dog was Lassie?
What painter is sometimes confused with Claude Monet because their last names differ by just a single letter?
What were Pangaea and Gondwana?
In what country is vodou religion commonly practiced?
What are fairy rings made of?
"What country's ""Kingdom Tower"" is planned to be more than a kilometer tall when it is completed in 2018?"
Who is also known as Jove?
What are the only two types of mammal that can lay eggs?
What video game, created by Notch, is the best-selling PC game of all-time?
What country does Waterford crystal come from?
What is the most common chemical used in nail polish remover?
What celestial object was visited by the New Horizons spacecraft in 2015?
In what country is the religion of Shinto commonly practiced?
"What movie featured the Randy Newman song ""You've Got a Friend in Me""?"
What is the English name of the city of Firenze?
What is Volkswagen's all-time best-selling car model?
What company is the world's largest auction house?
"What movie featured the song ""Moon River""?"
Flanders is part of what country?
What marine mammal's tusks were once thought to be from unicorns?
"Who said ""we're more popular than Jesus now"", in 1966?"
"In what city did James Joyce's ""Ulysses"" take place?"
"What ""kissing"" disease, common among teenagers, can cause swollen lymph nodes and fatigue?"
What Buddhist monastery in China is famous for martial arts?
What magazine was started by Hugh Hefner?
Who defeated Boris Spassky in a 1972 chess showdown?
What movie starred Michael Jordan?
What was the central meeting place of ancient Rome?
What group of people drove a 1959 Chevrolet hearse with license plate ECTO-1?
Which country has the greatest number of ancient pyramids? (hint: They are called the Nubian Pyramids)
What stone was used to decipher Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics?
In Greek legend, who opened a box containing all evil?
What company purchased Skype in 2011?
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?
What name is given to the supercontinent thought to exist 300 million years ago?
Hafidh are people who have memorized what?
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?
Sinhala is the official language of which country?
In Roman mythology, who was the god of war?
Juan Valdez advertises the coffee of which country?
What King was beheaded during the English Civil War?
In legend, what city was founded by Romulus and Remus?
Apple, Microsoft, and Intel are listed on which stock exchange?
What U.S. state holds the first presidential primary?
What river flows parallel to the Euphrates?
What brand name are Chuck Taylor sneakers sold under?
In what city was Muhammad born?
Who was married to Guinevere?
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?
Communist forces in Vietnam began an offensive during what holiday in 1968?
What is the Japanese word for Japan?
What was the first spacecraft to orbit the Earth?
In what country did the Romani ethnic group originate?
Which newspaper did Peter Parker work for?
David Stern was the commissioner of what organization?
What city celebrates the original Oktoberfest?
What major river flows through Paris?
Who was the demon barber of Fleet Street?
If I sail on the Neva river past the Hermitage Museum, what city am I in?
What will a pescetarian eat that a vegetarian will not?
What country has slums known as favelas?
"What is the common translation for ""Carpe Diem""?"
In which country would you find a TGV train?
Who was John McCain's running mate?
Who is the only English king to abdicate voluntarily?
"Which U.S. state is the ""Land of Lincoln""?"
"What is the American name for the board game known in England as ""draughts""?"
What video game series features an archaeologist named Lara Croft?
A drupe is a type of what?
What country is Rhodes a part of?
The Black Hills are located primarily in which US state?
Which record label recorded The Supremes and The Jackson 5?
What city will host the 2016 Olympics?
Which country was once led by F.W. de Klerk?
What TV show is set in the fictional Melbourne suburb of Erinsborough?
What is VIII plus XXIV?
What pope resigned in 2013?
What agency protects the U.S. President?
What is the name of Jay-Z and Beyonce's daughter?
What river separates Texas and Mexico?
Which U.S. state was the first to legalize same-sex marriage, in 2004?
In what year did the War of 1812 start?
What U.S. state borders four Great Lakes?
What type of beer does Homer Simpson drink?
What is Brazil's most widely-spoken language?
"What city is called ""The Big Easy""?"
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?
"What philosopher said ""God is dead""?"
What world leader introduced Glasnost and Perestroika?
What is the most popular ice cream flavor in America?
What was Mumbai formerly called?
What is the name of Bob Marley's greatest hits album?
Who famously had children with both Julius Caesar and Mark Antony?
"What was the name of Peter, Paul and Mary's ""magic"" dragon?"
"What ""Glee"" character has the initials RB?"
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?
What Harvard researcher was well-known for experimenting with LSD?
What cereal is kid-tested and mother-approved?
"What story is parodied by the movie ""Men in Tights""?"
Who was Henry VIII's second wife?
What type of whale was Moby Dick?
"What actor played the father on ""Little House on the Prairie""?"
What does an octopus spray when threatened?
What is the only country in which the Komodo Dragon is found in the wild?
What is the main ingredient in borscht?
"In the ""Peanuts"" comic strip, who is Lucy's brother?"
What is the highest grossing movie of all time?
Who invented the lightning rod?
"What event was the song ""Waka Waka"" written for?"
Roald Dahl's BFG was a big, friendly what?
Besides Ireland, what country is geographically closest to the United Kingdom?
Who was the only female prime minister of the United Kingdom?
Who holds the record for the fastest 100m dash time ever?
What was the language of the Roman Empire?
What does an entomologist study?
Who betrayed Jesus for 30 pieces of silver?
What movie takes place at Shermer High School's detention?
What country's flag is a red circle in a field of white?
What country produces the most olive oil?
What is a Teeter-Totter more commonly called?
"Who wrote ""Leaves of Grass""?"
What does a kleptomaniac do compulsively?
In poker, what hand do you have if all your cards are the same suit?
Phil Collins was a drummer and singer in what band?
Suffrage is the right to do what?
What is the name for the outer layer of the Earth?
What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?
What is the most common surname in Korea?
Au is the chemical symbol of what element?
"On what ""railroad"" was Harriet Tubman a conductor?"
In what event did Bruce Jenner win a gold medal at the 1976 Olympics?
Which dynasty, lasting from 907 to 1125 CE, ruled present-day Mongolia and portions of the Russian Far East, northern Korea, and northern China including all of Manchuria?
In which country is the La Quebrada cliff and the Acapulco Bay at its foot?
Electric Christmas tree lights were first used in what year?
What waltz by Johann Strauss II was named after a European river?
What notorious outlaw was shot in the back by the coward Robert Ford?
What nation did the United States declare war on - after the sinking of the USS Maine?
What writer was convicted of sodomy and sentenced to hard labor?
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?
"What was the Scopes ""monkey trial"" really about?"
What would you find on Carmen Miranda's hat?
What was J. D. Salinger's most famous novel?
What general landed at Inchon?
Fill in the blank: Houston, Tranquility Base here. The _____ has landed
"What ""family"" killed actress Sharon Tate and others?"
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?
What country did the Reagan administration illegally sell arms to?
Who did Prince Andrew marry?
What pay-per view wrestling event was held for the first time in 1985?
Who was Bridget Jones's true love?
What was the last race track on Super Mario Kart?
What company bought Time Warner in 2001 - the biggest merger in U.S. history?
What group was led by Mullah Mohammad Omar?
What NHL hockey team was originally named after a Disney movie?
What 2007 movie earned Eddie Murphy the Golden Raspberry for Worst Actor, Worst Supporting Actor, and Worst Supporting Actress?
What singer is by far the most famous person from the island nation of Barbados?
Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?
Who was the wife of Zeus and the mother of Ares?
What country has 11 official languages including Zulu, Xhosa, and English?
"Who wrote the story ""A Christmas Carol""?"
What building is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue?
"Who sang ""Achy Breaky Heart""?"
On which British holiday did the 2004 tsunami occur?
Grozny is the capital of what war-torn Russian republic?
What are the two major European cities that start with the letters Bel?
Who is Darth Vader's son?
Leonidas was the king of what city-state?
What city is considered the birthplace of jazz music?
What fictional creatures eat 7 meals a day, including second breakfast and elevenses?
"What Canadian province's name is Latin for ""New Scotland""?"
Who did Buster Douglas knock out in 1990?
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"
In what city would you find Copacabana beach?
Shingles is an adult form of what illness?
Trick question: what was Eleanor Roosevelt's maiden name?
Lucrezia, Cesare, and Rodrigo were part of what papal family?
"""Torchwood"" was a spin-off of what popular TV show?"
A hafiz is a person who has memorized what book?
What island chain includes the islands of Fuerteventura, Lanzarote, and La Palma?
"In what city were travelers first asked to ""mind the gap""?"
What age came after the Bronze Age?
In what city is Coney Island located?
What synthetic fiber is used in most bulletproof vests?
Which planet weighs more than all the other planets of our solar system combined?
What is the capital of Washington state?
What was the last name of brothers Chico, Harpo, Groucho, Zeppo, and Gummo?
In what modern-day country would you find Machu Picchu?
What airline had two high-profile plane crashes in 2014?
The Mossad is the intelligence agency of what country?
What boy with a girl's name was sung about by Johnny Cash?
What monkey is friends with the Man in the Yellow Hat?
"What ""pack"" of young actors starred in movies such as ""The Breakfast Club""?"
Bohemia is a region of what country?
"What play is about ""star-crossed lovers""?"
What city do Brummies come from?
Who did Claus von Stauffenberg plot to kill?
Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?
What type of art does the English artist Banksy specialize in?
What gladiator famously led a slave revolt against Rome?
What toxic fished is called fugu in Japan?
Who was the leader of the Medellin cartel in the 1980's?
In what mountain range would you find the city of Tbilisi?
Which country in Europe has the highest average elevation?
Which planet in our solar system takes around 165 Earth years to orbit the Sun?
At the age of 86, which US actor married 40 year old make up artist Arlene Silver in 2012?
The valet costume worn by Django in the 2012 film ‘Django Unchained’ was inspired by which painting by Thomas Gainsborogh?
The White Rose Shopping Centre is in which English city?
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?
The Lansdowne Cup is competed for in rugby union by which two countries?
National Flag Day is celebrated in Estonia during which month of the year?
Retailer Fortnum and Mason opened its first new UK store for more than 300 years at which London station in November 2013?
The Paragons originally recorded which 1980 hit single by Blondie?
The Goya Gate is located at which European museum?
Congo, Sensation, President Grevy and Beauty of Moscow are all varieties of which garden plant?
Who is Head of State of New Zealand?
Who won the 2013 British Open Golf Championship?
Chim Chim Cheree, I Love to Laugh and Feed the Birds are all songs from which film?
Operation Felix was the codename for a proposed German invasion of which British Overseas Territory during World War II?
Who was the first person to bear the title of Holy Roman Emperor?
In January 1973, who defeated Joe Frazier to win the Heavyweight World Boxing Championship?
Which English city is known as ‘The Lace City’?
What is the first name of Blackadder in the UK television series ‘Blackadder’?
What is the name of the Lord played by Rik Mayall in the UK television series ‘Blackadder Goes Forth’?
The UK television series ‘Blackadder Goes Forth’ is set during which war?
In which 1956 film did actress Gina Lollobrigida make her debut in American films?
In 1985 the Fayed brothers purchased which London-based department store?
Who became US President in 1913?
In the children’s television series ‘Scooby Doo’, what is Velma’s Surname?
In December 1965, who became President of the Philippines?
In which year did divorce become officially legal in the Republic of Ireland?
Which British monarch introduced The George Cross?
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?
King Robert Baratheon and Queen Cersei Lannister are characters in which US television fantasy drama series?
The discovery of what in Australia in February 1851 is traditionally attributed to Edward Hammond Hargraves?
‘The Way I Am’ is a 2008 autobiography by which US singer?
Singer Dan Reynolds is the frontman for which US rock band?
Bosworth cheese comes from which English county?
The 1995 autobiography ‘Dreams From My Father’ is by which US politician?
Created in August 1991, ‘info.cern.ch’ was the first ever what?
In the Jewish calendar, Sivan is which month of the religious year?
What is the name of the perfume launched by British boyband JLS in January 2013?
Which Cole Porter play won the first Tony Award for best musical in 1949?
Stinking Bishop is a variety of which fruit?
Filbert Fox is the mascot of which English football club?
Marble Arch in London was once the ceremonial entrance to which British palace?
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?
Who was elected US President in November 2012?
In the George Orwell novel ‘Animal Farm’ who is the owner of Foxwood Farm?
Songwriter/manager/producer Stig Anderson was often known as the fifth member of which group?
What is the title of The Beatles first feature film, released in 1964?
The cathedral in which British city is known as ‘The Ship of the Fens’?
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?
The UK television drama series ‘Boys From the Black Stuff’ was set in which city?
In April 1966, Bobbi Gibb became the first woman to run the entire distance of which marathon?
What type of creature is a cichlid?
Who became the host of the UK television game show Blankety Blank in 1984?
Which US actor played the title role in the television police drama ‘T J Hooker’?
In which country is the River Darling?
What colour is the liqueur Galliano?
In the 2002 FIFA World Cup, which national football team became the first team in the Asian Football Confederation to reach the World Cup semi-finals?
Acmeism relates to poetry from the early 20th Century in which country?
How many definite suicides occur in the plays of William Shakespeare?
Which US President is depicted on the Purple Heart military decoration?
Which boxer became the first to defeat Evander Holyfield in November 1992 to become undisputed Heavyweight Champion?
In the UK children’s television series ‘Button Moon’, on which planet does Mr Spoon and his family live?
What the note is at the 12th fret of the 1st and 6th strings of a standard-tuned 6-string guitar?
What Greek mythological horse sprang from the blood of Medusa?
What was disestablished as the state religion of Japan after WWII?
The original Ferris Wheel was erected in which US state for the 1893 World’s Columbian Exposition?
Which comedian/actor played the Doctor Who monster Abzorbaloff, which appeared in the 2006 episode ‘Love and Monsters’?
The 1992 film ‘Wayne’s World’ was a spin-off of a sketch from which US television show?
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?
What maritime exclamation did Alexander Graham Bell suggest be the standard telephone answering greeting before Edison's 'Hello'?
What is the traditional technical term for a road/paving granite block, alternatively called a Belgian block, and incorrectly a cobble or cobblestone?
Bundes in the German 'Bundesliga' soccer league refers to?
Petroliam Nasional Berhad, the huge Malaysian gas/oil corporation gave its abbreviated name to what world-leading Kuala Lumpa landmark?
The expression 'Go West' originally (mid-1800s) encouraged people to move from/within?
The inventors of Penicillin, Television, the Bank of England, the BBC, and the decimal point were?
Erasmus of Rotterdam (1466-1536) is a revered?
The 2014 'Bendgate' controversy/publicity concerned version 6 of which famous product?
What instrument is sized according to terms such as 0, 00, 000, Grand Auditorium and Dreadnought?
What mountain's peak is the farthest point from Earth's centre/center?
What London medicinal water site, later a music hall, was the birthplace of the Royal Ballet and English National Opera?
Satya Nadella, boss of which vast corporation, apologised in 2014 for suggesting female workers should rely on faith and karma instead of asking for a pay rise?
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?
Latin 'collum' refers to which part of the human body?
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?
Messina, founded by ancient Greeks, site of a 1908 seismic disaster, is the main port of which island?
The first (joint-)winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Swiss Jean Henri Dunant, in 1901, founded which international organization?
Which historically contested region did Russia annexe from Ukraine in February 2014?
Which nation in 2014 saw the abdication of Juan Carlos and the ascension of Felipe VI?
In October 2014 'Hudhud' was a catastrophic (what?) affecting parts of India and Nepal? Earthquake; Cyclone; Influenza; or Computer virus?
The big-selling country and western hit song, notably by Elvis Presley in 1957, is '(What?) Christmas'?
The equatorial Republic of Kiribati's 'Kiritimati' (Christmas) Island, among the first land to see each new day/year, is in which ocean?
Name Tchaikovsky's famous ballet which begins on Christmas Eve?
The Erythraean Sea, lying between Africa and Asia is more commonly called the (What?) Sea?
The cabasa, used especially in Latin music, is what sort of instrument?
What's the food 'head cheese' alternatively called, which separately refers to a man's physical strength?
What Latin-languages term informally refers to a chaplain in the armed services?
What 'seasonal-mood' name was given to the western social phenomenon of mid-1967, sparked by the vast gathering of young people in Haight-Ashbury, San Francisco?
What metabolic disorder takes its name from Greek 'siphon', referring to excessive urine production?
What is the short metonymic name of the chief usher of the Lord Chamberlain's department of the UK House of Lords?
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?
What 'rare' noble gas element used in lighting was discovered in 1898 and named after Greek 'new'?
(At early 2000s) the only nation in the world with effectively no shortage of donated human organs, due to a free market in their trade is?
Proposed in 1776, 'E pluribus unum' ('One from many'), is on the national seal and banknotes of which nation?
The Greek city Lacedaemon, (hence 'laconic' = minimal yet efficient language), also produced a word for frugality, from its more common name of what?
Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Chad, Niger, Mali and Ethiopia are the largest nations in the world without a?
Minyan is a quorum of ten adult males required for public worship in?
What Swahili word became the South African humanist philosophy popularised by Desmond Tutu in SA's post-apartheid Truth and Reconciliation Commission, and adopted widely elsewhere?
Thomas Hardy's famous novel is 'Far from the Madding (What?)'?
Which famous employee-owned UK retailer's slogan is 'Never Knowingly Undersold'?
At 1900 the largest fishing port in the world was?
Which nation boasts the world's longest running TV sports show, Hockey Night, first aired 1952?
Aberdeen in Scotland is known as the (Which rock?) City?
Introduced in 1894 and one of the world's oldest trademarks, Bibendum is better known as what?
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"
JP Morgan, Barclays, RBS, Citigroup, Bank of America, and UBS were fined $6bn in 2015 for rigging what market?
Name the pioneering Game Theory US mathematician featured in the film A Beautiful Mind?
In the bible who betrayed Samson to the Philistines by revealing that his strength was due to his long hair?
Which multi-talented actor played Mr Burns and Derek Smalls?
What famous road began in Chicago, Illinois, ending at Santa Monica, California?
Which religion has ten states of the mind including Neutrality, Rapture, Realization and Bodhisattva?
Dermalogica, Olay, Clearasil, and Nutrogena are brands of?
Thailand's currency, the 10th most used globally (at 2015) is the?
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?
What dog breed has Queen Elizabeth II traditionally had as pets?
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?
Tom Parker, who famously managed Elvis Presley, was known by the title of, and as 'the..'?
What old Latin word for reptile is very recognisably the scientific sub-order classification for modern snakes?
Five ninths of three fifths is a?
The traditional sport of 'pugilism' is nowadays called?
What whole two-digit number is the square root of 9801?
Bedrock is the home city of which eponymous 1960s cartoon show/family, the most successful adult TV franchise for three decades prior to The Simpsons?
Feugo, Yangin, Brand, and Pozar are Spanish, Turkish, Dutch and Polish for?
Film musical interpretations of Romeo and Juliet and the memoir of Baroness von Trapp shared what lead character name?
What dish has romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with parmesan cheese, lemon juice, olive oil, egg, Worcestershire sauce, and black pepper?
The Salt Flat of Uyuni, the world's largest salt flat, is in which country?
"Joss Whedon's 2002 US TV series ""Firefly"" won a 2003 Primetime Emmy Award for what?"
A dress worn at President John F Kennedy's birthday party at Madison Square Garden on 19 May 1962 was sold at auction in 1999 for $1.26 million. Who wore it at the party?
Where is the homeland of Queen Boudica (also Boudicca or Boadicea), who led a revolt against the Romans in England in the first century CE?
"How many films were made by director Sir Peter Jackson from Tolkien's short book, ""The Hobbit""?"
In 1938 Orson Welles, who was 22 at the time, wrote, produced, and narrated a radio play adaptation of what work, the US broadcast of which sparked widespread upheaval and panic?
Since the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour Masters 1000 was introduced in 1990 until 2015, which former world number 1 holds the record for the most titles, with 27?
What is the only book written by Emily Bronte?
What was Sweeney Todd's occupation in Stephen Sondheim's work?
Neil Oliver provides archaeological and social history knowledge for, and fronts, programmes for UK TV in Britain, continental Europe and Australia, called what?
Which Irish Republican, an Irish volunteer of the Provisional Irish Republican Army, was elected to the UK Parliament while leading the 1981 hunger strike to protest against the removal of Special Category Status?
What NZ thoroughbred racehorse, foaled in 1925 by the brood mare Marsa and the sire of Phar Lap, was the first horse to win both the Melbourne Cup and Cox Plate in the same year?
What type of sausage is usually sold in a flat circular coil?
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?
"BAFTA winning film ""The Theory of Everything"" is adapted from which book?"
Which novelist, born in Bombay in 1865, was awarded the Nobel prize for Literature in 1907?
What is the only sequel to win an Academy Award for Best Picture?
Where is Petra, an archaeological site with rock-cut architecture and designated a World Heritage Site 1985, that was built by the Nabataeans as their capital city around 100 BC?
"Who wrote the sons ""I've Got You Under My Skin"" and ""I Get A Kick Out Of You""?"
What language did the playwright Henrik Ibsen write his plays in?
In sport, what is the next country in the sequence China, Sweden, USA, USA, China, Germany, Canada ...?
John F Kennedy suffered from chronic back complaints and what other medical problem?
The Council of Trent in the 16th century was held between believers of what religious faith?
"Under what name did Mrs. Middleton Murray publish works such as ""The Garden Party"", ""The Dove's Nest"" and ""Something Childish""?"
The Formosan Black Bear is indigenous to where?
In the mid 1990s what major fossil discovery was made in Liaoning, China?
"What dish derives from the Portuguese dish ""Carne de Vinha d' Alhos"" (pork preserved in red wine or red wine vinegar, chili pepper, and stewed with garlic) which was brought to Goa and evolved into the a dish of meat, usually lamb, with wine and garlic plentiful amounts of spice?"
What year did the cable television network ESPN made its debut broadcasting and producing sports-related programming 24 hours a day?
"The American film made at the very start of the sound film era, ""All Quiet on the Western Front"" (1930), on the grimness of warfare in WWI was banned in Germany (after a brief run in 1930) not unexpectedly, but also where?"
Where did the space probe New Horizons launched by NASA in 2006 aim to investigate?
"Who published an autobiography entitled ""A Journey"" on 1 September 2010?"
British artist Sir James Thornhill (1675-1734), history painter and sergeant painter to George I and George II, was related by marriage to which other artist?
The largest ice fields in the southern hemisphere outside Antarctica are located where?
John Forsythe was a regular in which TV series, but was never seen?
"Which Glasgow group signed to Creation Records and recorded their debut single, ""All Fall Down"", in 1985?"
On 30 September 1399, Henry Bolingbroke, Duke of Lancaster, became better known as whom?
What was the first name of the fictional character Gulliver, which was created by Jonathan Swift?
"Which British composer wrote ""The Dam Busters March""?"
In 1483, who was appointed the first grand inquisitor of the Spanish Inquisition?
Who was the youngest person to become president of the USA?
"The song ""Sit down, you're rockin' the boat"" is from which musical?"
"Ravel's ""Bolero"", pop music riffs and (often) suspense music in film soundtracks are examples of what?"
"Damon Runyon's two stories ""The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown"" and ""Blood Pressure"" were the basis for which musical?"
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?
What is the name of the bay on the shore of which Rio de Janeiro sits?
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?
Which country has as its national coat of arms a shield bearing a vicuna, a cinchona tree and a cornucopia spilling mineral wealth in the shape of coins?
A synonym for french kissing would be what?
"The book ""Dirty Sexy Politics"", released in 2010, was about whose US presidential campaign?"
"Which American ragtime and early jazz pianist, bandleader and composer who wrote ""Wolverine Blues"", ""Black Bottom Stomp"", and ""Buddy Bolden's Blues"" claimed, in self-promotional hyperbole, to have invented jazz outright in 1902?"
"Who, as part of his performance in the 2015 film ""Revenant"", was realistically eviscerated by a bear on screen?"
"The songs ""Don't Rain on My Parade"" and ""People"" are from which musical?"
"""The Godfather"" trilogy of films was centred around which family?"
Which city is sited on the Absheron Peninsula which juts into the Caspian Sea?
Artemisinin and derivatives are drugs found to act especially well on which disease?
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"
Which was the first year in which the football World Cup final was broadcast on television in colour?
Under which British monarch was Warren Hastings appointed first Governor of the Presidency of Fort William (Bengal) and the head of the Supreme Council of Bengal, effectively the first Governor-General of India?
Which English road in Anglo-Saxon times went from Axminster via Bath, Cirencester, Leicester and Newark to Lincoln?
In which country was Saddam Hussein President 1979-2003, being deposed and then hanged in 2006?
What cocktail is made with advocaat and lemonade?
Who was Chief Justice of the USA from 1969 to 1986, the longest serving of any other appointed in the 20th century, who delivered controversial decisions on abortion, capital punishment, religious establishment , and school desegregation?
What epitaph is on Frank Sinatra's tombstone?
Which military powers fought the Punic Wars?
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"
"""Andre 3000"" & ""Big Boi"" make up which hip hop duo?"
When was the first road speed limit set in the UK for powered vehicles?
"The song ""Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend"" was famously performed by Marilyn Monroe in which 1953 film?"
The naval base Pearl Harbour is in which US state?
Runner Caster Semenya, the subject of extensive press coverage after gender testing following her win in the women's 800m at Berlin in August 2009, was from which country?
Who won the most of the first ten tournaments called the Women's Hockey World Cup (the field hockey World Cup competition for women), which was inaugurated in 1974?
Which English electronic dance music duo was made up of Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe?
What large flightless bird found in Mauritius by the Portuguese is believed to have died out in 1681?
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?
Who succeeded Prince Rainier of Monaco?
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?
"Which American legal TV drama-comedy (2004 to 2008), a spin-off of ""The Practice"", followed the exploits of attorneys at Crane, Poole & Schmidt?"
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?
Who according to legend was the son of Zeus and Europa and became King of Crete?
Who played Inspector Clouseau in the films made from 1963 to 1978?
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"
John Calvin, 16th century French theologian, was the autocrat of which city for 13 years, where he improved the city and provided harsh punishments for moral transgressions?
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"
Which British comedy-drama series (1979 to 1994) starred George Cole as Arthur Daley, an unscrupulous importer-exporter, wholesaler, and used-car salesman and Dennis Waterman as Terry McCann, his bodyguard?
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was born on which island?
Excluding Antarctica, which continent reaches the furthest south?
What is the next in this series: St. Devote, Massenet, Casino Square , Mirabeau, Loews ... ?
"The Tiergarten, German for ""Animal Garden"", is the name of both a park and a locality in which city?"
"Larry Levine, an American audio engineer, who won a Grammy Award in 1966 for ""A Taste of Honey"" by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass and contributed to The Beach Boys' 1966 album ""Pet Sounds"", was best known for his co-operation on the Wall of Sound recording technique with which producer?"
What is a domesticated animal that resembles a small llama in superficial appearance that are kept in herds that graze on the level heights of the Andes of South America at an altitude of 3,500 m (11,483 ft) to 5,000 m (16,404 ft) above sea-level, that were bred specifically for the fibre in their fleece?
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?
Who was the leader of the Peasant's Revolt in 1381 who, after killing a poll tax collector, marched on London with supporters and was killed there at Smithfield by the Lord Mayor of London?
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?
Who discovered the two moons of Mars in 1877?
What activity became legal in The Republic of Ireland when the 15th Amendment to the Constitution was passed in 1995?
In which country is the port of Incheon?
Australian Shane Warne is associated with which sport?
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?
"What is the first name of ""Seinfeld""?"
After watching US president Barack Obama giving a speech, David Letterman commented that it was nice to have a president who could pronounce which word?
What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?
Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?
On 15 February 1990 the United Kingdom restored diplomatic relations after 8 years, with which country?
"Who is a South African serial killer who committed the ""ABC Murders"" between 1994 and 1995, with over 30 victims?"
Generals Gallieni, Manoury, Joffre, French, von Kluck, von Blow and von Moltke were involved in which battle that stopped the German advance in 1914 during World War I?
"Who won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics, married Kris Kardashian in 1991 and from 2007 starred in the E! reality series ""Keeping Up with the Kardashians""?"
Which detective was created by G K Chesterton?
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?
What is a popular name for the North American bison?
"What entertainment venue in New York City's Rockefeller Center, nicknamed ""the Showplace of the Nation"", opened to the public in December 1932?"
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?
Badminton debuted at the 1992 Summer Olympics. How many different people have won gold medals for the men's singles event in its first 5 Olympiads to 2008?
What is the symbol for a 30th wedding anniversary?
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?
In 1487, Portuguese navigator Bartholomew Diaz was the first European to sail past which landmark?
Where was the siege of the Alamo?
What was the first name of de Gaulle, the first President of French Fifth Republic from 1959 to 1969?
Canberra is the capital of which country?
The Battle of Ghuznee in 1839 took place between the armies of Great Britain and which other country?
The names for the satellites of which planet are chosen from characters from the works of William Shakespeare and Alexander Pope?
If someone has a BA, they are a Bachelor of what?
"Who was the fourth (and the first female) Prime Minister of the State of Israel, who was described as the ""Iron Lady"" (before Margaret Thatcher), ""the best man in the government"" and the ""strong-willed, straight-talking, grey-bunned grandmother of the Jewish people""?"
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?
What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?
"Who wrote numerous short stories and plays and the novels ""Of Human Bondage"", ""The Moon And Sixpence"" and ""Cakes And Ale""?"
"What musical has the characters Roxie Hart, Velma Kelly, Billy Flynn, Matron ""Mama"" Morton, Amos Hart, Mary Sunshine, Fred Casely, Mrs. Borusewicz, Harrison and Go-to-Hell Kitty Baxter?"
What is a form of word play that deliberately exploits ambiguity between similar-sounding words for humorous or rhetorical effect?
Cathay is a poetic name for which country?
"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"
According to legend, who was King Arthur's father?
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?
What international organisation was created in 1958 to bring about economic integration between European nations?
What fictional Chinese-American detective, created by Earl Derr Biggers in 1923 for a novel published in 1925, was the subject of over 45 films made between 1926 and 1981?
Quantrill's Raiders, a loosely organised force of Partisan rangers under the leadership of William Clarke Quantril, fought in which war?
What was the original surname of T E Shaw, an RAF aircraftsman who was killed in a motorbike accident in 1935?
"In the TV series ""Thunderbirds"", Parker was chauffeur to whom?"
For a proper fraction, the numerator is
Who did June Carter marry?
What was Michael Jackson's signature dance move?
What house in New Orleans has been the ruin of many a poor boy?
"Who composed ""Flight of the Valkyries""?"
What city do The White Stripes and Kid Rock come from?
What is the name of the vast hall where the Norse gods live?
What king is the most-mentioned person in the Bible, after Jesus?
What is the name for the Vietnamese New Year? (Hint: three letters)
In what city would you find Yale University?
What singer-songwriter promised to write albums for all 50 states, but only completed Michigan and Illinois?
What kind of animal are Chip and Dale?
My bologna has a first name. What is it?
What hill does a bill sit on before it becomes a law?
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?
What Monopoly square is furthest from Go?
Who has dated Tony Romo, John Mayer, and Nick Lachey?
What TV show takes place at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital?
"Who recorded the song ""Motown Philly""?"
What was the most common type of gun used in the Revolutionary War?
What area of Florida can be described as a slow-moving, 60 mile wide river?
In what park would you find Half Dome, a mecca for rock climbers?
What slippery synthetic substance was Ronald Reagan compared to - because no scandals stuck to him?
What is the plural of Winklevoss?
What lake can be found on the border of Vermont and New York?
What city has a neighborhood called Little Havana?
What American animal is commonly called an antelope, but is not actually an antelope?
In what National Park would you find Half Dome?
What bridge connects the two peninsulas of Michigan?
Name the theatre manager / impresario, who collaborated with Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan, at the Savoy Theatre?
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?
Oil from the wreckage of which super-tanker, ended up on the beaches of Brittany in 1978?
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"
"Which Scottish actress played Catherine of Aragon in the 1970 TV series, ""The Six Wives of Henry VIII"", but is much better known for her role as Margaret Meldew in ""One Foot in the Grave""?"
"Which country is the setting for the 1957 film, ""Ill Met By Moonlight"", starring Dirk Bogarde?"
What is the name of Hamlet's mother in the Shakespeare play of the same name?
On which Saint's Day in 1572 did a massacre of Huguenots take place?
In which country was kung fu expert Bruce Lee born?
'Feel Like Making Love' and 'The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face' were hit singles for which female artist?
What was the name of the type of art particularly associated with Salvador Dali?
Who was Richard Nixon's running mate in the 1960 US presidential election?
Who was Walter Mondale's running mate in the 1984 US Presidential Election?
What nationality is former Liverpool FC footballer Jan Molby?
"Which American comedian who died on 4 May 2009 became famous as an inept magician on Dean Martin's TV show in the 1960s and appeared in ""Cannonball Run"", ""Blazing Saddles"" and ""The Muppet Movie"" ?"
Which football team play their home games at the Liberty Stadium?
Which Cunard liner launched in 1903 rescued 705 survivors of the Titanic disaster in 1912?
"Which actress/singer starred as Doralee Rhodes in the 1980 film, ""Nine to Five""?"
In which religion is the temple, or place of worship, known as the gurdwara?
The Bells of Shandon are housed in the Church of St Anne in which Irish city?
Which side did Lancashire beat in the last match of the 2008 County Cricket Championship, thus staving off all thoughts of relegation?
"In the novel, ""Nicholas Nickelby"", by Charles Dickens, what was the name of the school, run by Wackford Squeers?"
Which organisation uses barbed wire and a candle as its symbol?
Mt. Aconcagua, the highest peak in the Western Hemisphere, stands in which South American country?
The song 'Wunderbar' comes from which Cole Porter musical?
On which river are the Victoria Falls?
In 'Alice in Wonderland', who wanted to decapitate anyone who offended her?
Odysseus was King of which Greek state?
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?
Who were the Greek equivalents of the Norns of Norse mythology?
Who was the only person to win the BBC TV Sports Personality of the Year twice during the 1990's - in 1994 and 1996?
In which county is the polo venue of Cowdray Park?
Glenn Miller played which musical instrument?
In which U.S. State is the University of Harvard to be found?
In December 2006, the second longest motorway tunnel in Europe was opened connecting the port to the airport in which capital city?
100.4 Smooth Radio, and 105.4 Century FM, etc, are based where?
The 2010 Winter Olympics will be held where?
The Old Faithful geyser is in which American national park?
Which famous novelist also wrote under the pseudonym Richard Bachman?
Aesculus hippocastanum is the Latin name for which tree?
Which famous novelist also wrote under the pseudonym Mary Westmacott?
Which is the only team to have won football’s Premier League once and once only?
In ‘Othello’, what is the name of Iago’s wife?
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?
Legend has it in Britain that which bird never uses its voice until it is dying?
Who did Johnnie Cochran defend in a famous 1990s trial?
In which film does crooked computer programmer Dennis Nedry cause havoc?
Which character was played by Linda Thorson in The Avengers?
Which doctor - an eternal optimist – features in Voltaire’s Candide?
What literally means ‘submission to God’ in Arabic?
Who in legend provided pie fillings for Mrs Lovett?
Which Roman road led from Rome to Brindisi?
The bumblebee or hog-nosed is the smallest mammal in the world - what is it?
Which international cricket side had its best year ever in 2014 with five Test wins?
Football World Cup venue Soccer City is in which city?
In which US state is the Green Mountains Range?
Who was born in a cross-fire hurricane and raised by a toothless bearded hag?
John Hannah and Ken Stott have both appeared in the role of which fictional detective?
What is the largest city and capital of Madeira?
What is the value of the letter ‘K’ in the game of Scrabble?
Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?
What do we call the selfless and virtuous practice of concern for the welfare of others?
The musical ‘Half a Sixpence’ was based on which 1905 novel?
What is the official summer sport of Canada?
By what name was the African state of Namibia previously known?
What is the fictional location of the tv soap ‘Eastenders’?
Who composed the music for ‘Billy Elliot, the Musical’?
Oona was the last of his four wives, and he died in 1977. Which famous film star?
What is the more correct term for the sport of archery?
She was the title character on TV’s ‘Ellen’, who ‘came out’ on the front of Time magazine?
Which celebrated battle was fought near Brno on 2nd December 1805?
What is the Latin motto of the film company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has the motto?
Which French fashion designer regularly co-hosted UK TV’s ‘Eurotrash’?
What is nicknamed 'The Cathedral of the Railways'?
Which society was founded in 1946 by barrister Roland Berrill & scientist Dr Lance Ware?
Who married Sarah Hugill in 1972, had two children, divorced in 1983, married Sarah Brightman in 1984, divorced in 1990, married Madeleine Gurdon in 1991, and had three children?
In which city did the gangland St Valentine’s Day Massacre take place?
Who helped bring photography to the masses with his Kodak roll-film technology?
Who got to no. 3 in the UK charts with ‘You’re So Vain’ in 1972?
Who played the title role in the 1953 film ‘Shane’?
What was the title of Fun Lovin’ Criminals’ 1996 song that nearly made the Top 20?
Simon Legree is the villain in which famous novel?
Which 1962 ecological classic was written by Rachel Carson?
Which sport uses the terms ‘plastron’ ‘piste’ and ‘riposte’?
Which band featured Siobhan Fahey and Marcella Detroit?
What was the name of the computer in the sitcom Red Dwarf?
Which Internet site was founded by Jimmy Wales in 2001?
Which famous composer’s patrons were the Esterhazy family?
Who was the leader of France’s Vichy Government during World War II?
In which country could you drive along the 1700 kilometre Bruce Highway?
Who directed the 2013 film ‘Twelve Years a Slave’?
Who wrote the BBC tv serial drama ‘The Singing Detective’ (1986)?
What is another name for the flower known as the snapdragon?
What nickname was given to the Morris Cowley due to its appearance?
Which World war 2 American general was nicknamed “Vinegar Joe”?
N’Djamena is the capital city of which landlocked country in central Africa?
The Fair Maid of Perth is a novel by which author?
Plato and Xenophon were both pupils of which Greek philosopher?
What is the surname of the title character of Anne of Green Gables?
Referring to an aspect of its shape, what is the alternative name for a premolar tooth?
Which early Bob Dylan album and its title song reference a Texan gunfighter?
Whose 1977-79 albums, Low, “Heroes” and Lodger, are known as his Berlin Trilogy?
What is Australian slang for an outside lavatory?
What type of leaves does a koala feed on?
What is the name of the village druid in the comic strip ‘Asterix’?
In which English county was former British Prime minister Margaret Thatcher born?
In the British monarchy, who succeeded Queen Anne to the throne?
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?
Which US Olympic swimmer is nicknamed the ‘Baltimore Bullet’?
Which is the only nation to have won at least one medal in every Summer Olympic Games?
Politician Lev Davidovich Bronshtein was better known by what name?
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?
Who composed the ‘Haffner Serenade’ (Serenade no.7) for the sister of his friend Sigmund Haffner, for her wedding festivities in 1776?
The Riel is the currency of which Southeast Asian country?
what is the 21st letter of the Greek alphabet?
What was the name of the concert held at the Cleveland Arena, Ohio, on 21st March 1952, said to be the world’s first major rock & roll concert?
Who wrote the 1968 novel ‘2001: A Space Odyssey’?
The Lord Advocate is the chief law officer in which European country?
What is the US state capital of Kansas?
Who was the only British Prime Minister to hold office during the reign of King Edward VIII?
In which European country is the port of St Malo?
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?
All matter in the Universe was said to be created by the ‘Big….what’ nearly 14 billion years ago?
‘Bellis perennis’ is the Latin name for which flower?
Who wrote the novel ‘Seven Pillars of Wisdom’?
Which US burlesque dancer and model was born Heather Renee Sweet?
Poopdeck Pappy is which fictional character’s father?
What was painter Rubens first name?
Coleopterology is the study of which insects?
Who was the last Catholic monarch to reign over England?
Tewkesbury Mustard is mentioned in which Shakespeare play?
Which are the only mammals to have wings?
The Archibald Fountain is in which Australian city?
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?
Who became US President John Kennedy’s Vice President in 1961?
Monterrey, Puebla and Toluca are cities in which country?
Psychoanalyst A A Brill described what as ‘Torches of Freedom’ in the 1920’s, as symbols of equality for women?
Who became leader of the British Conservative Party in July 1965?
Timothy Q Mouse, Mr Stork and Jim Crow are all characters in which Disney film?
The Bledisloe Cup is contested by Australia and New Zealand in which sport?
"Which 17th century philosopher, mathematician, scientist, and writer provided the basis for the calculus of Newton and Leibniz by applying infinitesimal calculus to ""the tangent line problem""?"
What type of camel has two humps?
Inspector Bucket is a character in which novel by Charles Dickens?
Who played factory boss Danny Baldwin in the British television soap ‘Coronation Street’?
Maria Dickin was the founder of which British animal charity in 1917?
In 1883 which Indonesian volcano erupted and was believed to be the largest single explosion in recorded human history?
Blinky, Mr Teeny and Jub-Jub are all animals in which US animated television series?
Stanislaw August Poniatowski was the last king of which European country?
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?
One of the Wonders of the Modern World, The Catacombs of Alexandria are in which country?
Who wrote the political treatise ‘The Prince’, published in 1532?
Which US actor appeared in the films ‘Ironweed’, ‘The Pledge’ and ‘Easy Rider’?
Who discovered the electrical nature of lightning through his famous kite experiment in 1750?
Composers Joseph Haydn and Franz Schubert were born in which country?
Armistice Day (or Remembrance Day) takes place during which month of the year?
The official birthday of British monarch Queen Elizabeth II falls during which month in the UK?
In 1968, who did radical feminist Valerie Solanas shoot and wound as he entered his New York studio?
What is the title of Simon and Garfunkel’s only UK number one hit single?
Who wrote the book of verses ‘Now We Are Six’?
Who played Beverley Hills hairdresser George Roundy in the 1975 film ‘Shampoo’?
Ligustrum is the Latin name for which shrub?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?
Which English football team play their home games at Vicarage Road?
How many balls are on a snooker table at the beginning of a game?
In which US state is the world’s largest volcano?
Which is the highest waterfall in the world?
A Violent Storm is which number on the Beaufort Scale?
What type of creature is a bananaquit?
Bullfighting is central to which Ernest Hemingway non-fiction book?
Which French painter lived and worked in Tahiti?
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?
Which late English singer released albums entitled ‘Frank’ and ‘Back to Black’?
Who was British Prime Minister between Winston Churchill’s two terms in office?
According to UK research in 2009 on average how many TV ads do viewers see each day, 25; 43; 105 or 207?
Vladimir Voronin resigned as the president of which country?
Yukio Hatoyama was sworn in as the sixtieth prime minister of which country?
What US corporation sold Hummer to the Chinese in 2009?
Doctor Brooke Magnanti came out as which best selling X-rated blogger?
Herman Van Rompuy became first Permanent President of what?
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?
The Estoril Grand Prix circuit is in which European country?
Who was the first professional cricketer to captain England?
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?
The country Myanmar is still known in many parts of the world by what prior name?
The Futhark is what type of alphabet?
What is the most common bird in the world?
The Centigrade temperature scale is also known commonly by what name?
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?
Whose second 'breadfruit voyage' as captain was on the ship HMS Providence, 1791-94?
Annually in July or August, the Obon (or Bon) Buddhist festival to honour the dead is held in which country?
Who wept on the shoulder of the Duchess of Kent after losing the Wimbledon Women's Singles Final against Steffi Graf in 1993?
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?
"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"
What was the terrorist group responsible for the 1972 Munich Olympic massacre of Israeli athletes?
A Hedge Brown is what sort of creature?
Who wrote the opera Carmen?
What was Amy Williams sled called on which she won Olympic gold for Britain at Vancouver in the Skeleton event?
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?
The Orinoco river meets the sea on which country's coast?
What building in Pall Mall, commissioned by Henry VIII around 1532, is the administrative centre of the British monarchy?
In which US city is the 1974 film Towering Inferno set?
Mrs Maria Fitzherbert was the wife of which British monarch?
Mycology is the study of what?
Who won a Nobel prize in 1918 for his Law of Radiation and is the originator of Quantum Theory?
Which popular UK TV police series started as a pilot episode called 'Woodentop' in 1983?
What widely used symbol is known variously around the world by names such as monkey's tail, snail, little mouse, and asperand?
The translation of Persian poems called The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam was the work of which 19th century English writer and poet?
What railway line is green on the traditional map of the London Underground (Tube)?
Which body of water was previously called the Euxine, after early colonisation of its southern coastline by Greeks, derived from their word for 'hospitable'?
Fremantle prison, which was closed in 1991 and is now a heritage site, is in which country?
What is the technical term for the hollow at the back of the knee, sometimes called the knee pit?
The archaeological site of the ancient city of Troy is in which country?
Loosely translated, Aleph Beth Gimel Daleth are the first four letters of what alphabet?
Ireland is known as The 'what' Isle?
Name the renowned shirt maker in Jermyn Street, London?
What was mined extensively in Cyprus in Roman times, which took its name from the country?
What would you find at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington?
Which human blood group can receive blood from any other blood group?
How many noble gases are there?
At the time of the northern solstice, the sun is directly over which line of latitude around the Earth?
Originating in early central American culture, where on the body would a huarache be worn?
"What film, released in 2000, is the story of Gilbert and Sullivan's first production of ""The Mikado""?"
What is the name of the international cricket ground in Brisbane, Australia?
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?
Mount Fujiyama is on which Japanese island?
What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?
What is a measure of the disorder of a system?
The film actor Marion Michael Morrison is better known by what name?
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?
In which country did Queen Isabella secure the throne when her opponents (Carlists) were defeated in 1868, following a civil war between those who wanted a king and those who wanted a queen?
What game, created in 1904 by a quaker, Elizabeth (Lizzie) Phillips, when revised by Charles Darrow and others became one of the world's most played commercial board games?
The main publicity image for which Alfred Hitchcock film featured Cary Grant being chased by a bi-plane?
In which country did Juan Domingo Peron seize power in 1943, become president, and resign in 1955?
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?
The highest mountain in North America is part of which mountain range?
What is another name for ultra-violet light?
When was the sculpture of the four faces on Mount Rushmore begun?
What is the traditional/modern language of Iran and old Persia, named from the latter?
The fictional station in BBC's flagship Eastenders soap serial is?
What nation is home to the Zanu-PF poltical body?
Technically lugumes/beans, cereals and nuts are defined as what category of foodstuff?
Activist/writer Elizabeth Magie conceived and patented what popular game concept in 1903 as a demonstration of the evils of corporate greed?
Which one of the seven member territories is also capital of UAE (United Arab Emirates)?
Where certain religions divide the notion of heaven into parts there are generally?
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?
The Han ethnic people constitute c.90% of mainland?
What often poisonous compound, CN, found in fruit seeds and stones, named from Greek for dark blue, comprises Carbon and Nitrogen?
English playwright Chrisopher Marlowe coined the phrase 'The face that launched a thousand ships' in his tragedy Doctor Faustus when referring to which mythical Greek figure?
Name the last US president to meet the leader of Cuba before Barack Obama did in 2015?
Facebook's new music sharing/streaming feature launched in 2015 was called 'Music... ?
Name Adele's record-breaking 2015 album?
In 2015 Edgar Lungu became prime minister of?
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?
What year did the Channel Tunnel between Britain and France open?
Who wrote/directed the movies The Hateful Eight and Inglourious Basterds?
What Latin word meaning equal expresses a quality standard/norm (on or below or above etc), alluding to golfing performance?
What is the sweet clear liquid by-product from soap manufacture, used in laxatives, explosives and antifreeze?
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?
In the history of the universe what term refers to immediately after the Big Bang?
How many valves does a trumpet have?
Which artist was born in Bradford in 1937?
In which ocean are the Canary Islands?
In which country is the European Court of Human Rights?
Who was assassinated by Hugh de Merville, William de Tracy, Reginald Fitzhurse and Richard le Breton?
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?
The highest 'need' in Maslow's original 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory is?
What African nation is known in parts of Asia by the local names of two of its famous cities Marrakech and Fes?
On a standard English QWERTY keyboard the % (percent) sign is above the number?
Which country occupying 47% of South America has states including Amazonas, Sao Paulo, Bahia and Para?
Labyrinth, Broad-crested, Sharp-crested, Piano keys, and Compound are types of?
What regal name is capital of Seychelles, and British Columbia (Canada), and is an Australian state?
Where is the strait of Strelasund?
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?
Tala is the basic monetary unit of which country?
Who composed the opera Turandot?
Spiro Agnew was US vice-president to which president?
In 1987 a French court found which Gestapo chief guilty of war crimes and sentenced him to life imprisonment?
Ichthyology is a branch of zoology concerning which creatures?
What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?
Which famous London railway station is located on a bridge over the River Thames?
Lent (Latin Quadragesima) is traditionally a Christian religious fast of how many days?
Leicester City FC's owners are (at 2016) what nationality?
Name the Leicester-born eponymous inspiration of the early 19th textile machinery smashers of the English industrial revolution, whose collective name is now a term for someone resisting new technology?
The globally popular TV franchise/series relaunched by Chris Evans and Matt LeBlanc is?
Which nation's tax authorities raided Google's offices in its capital city in 2016 citing tax evasion?
Eamon de Valera founded which Irish political party in 1926?
From which European country does Limburger cheese originate?
In which US state was the American Declaration of Independence signed on 4th July 1776?
In the Bible to whom did God give the Ten Commandments?
Astana is the capital of which country?
Born Henry John Deutschendorf Junior, which American singer died when his light aircraft crashed into the sea off California in 1997?
Mary Mallon was effectively imprisoned for life in New York for being an irresponsible immune carrier of what disease?
Who was the first reigning British monarch to make an official visit to the USA?
Tallinn is the capital of which country?
The cult TV series Lost which began in 2004 features 'Oceanic Flight ...' what?
Where was the first British Grand Prix motor race held?
A salpingectomy is the surgical removal of which part of the body?
What animal is Snowball in George Orwell's book Animal Farm?
Eric Cartman is a character in which cartoon series?
Who became Lord Mayor of London in 1397?
What is the name of cartoon character Dora the Explorer's monkey?
Singer and musician Gordon Sumner is better known by what name?
In what Sudan city was Gillian Gibbons imprisoned for the blasphemous naming of a teddy bear incident?
"What video game was banned in 2007 for its ""...unremitting bleakness and callousness..."" ?"
Who won the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize for his environmental work including the controversial film An Inconvenient Truth?
Sweeney Todd was the demon barber of what street?
In which country was the first 24 hour race for motor cars held on a closed course, in 1907?
In June 2009, General Motors announced that it would sell which of its brands to Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery, based in China?
A bagel is a type of what?
Who was President of France for over 10 years from 1958?
On 12 September 1995, the Belarusian air force shot down a gas balloon, killing two Americans, during a race for which trophy?
The Proteas are a national cricket team representing which country?
According to Jewish tradition, whose chair is set ready at each passover meal in case he reappears to herald the coming of the Messiah?
Mrs Lovett made meat pies from material supplied by whom?
"What winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting was called ""military patrol"" when it was contested at the Olympic Winter Games in 1924, and demonstrated in 1928, 1936, and 1948?"
"The X-Files spawned two theatrical movies, ""The X-Files"" and ""I Want To Believe"", and which spin-off TV series?"
"Who divorced her husband in 1978 after sixteen years of marriage, accusing him of years of severe spousal abuse and rampant drug addiction in her autobiography ""I, Tina"" (which was later adapted for the film ""What's Love Got to Do with It""), and left semi-retirement in 2008 to embark on her ""Tina!: 50th Anniversary Tour""?"
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?
The works of artists De Chirico, Andr Breton, Mir, Magritte, Dal and Ernst are examples of what art movement?
During World War II, Japan occupied which part of the USA?
Colin Meads, nicknamed 'Pinetree', a former rugby union footballer who played 55 test matches for his national team from 1957 until 1971 and was named his country's Player of the Century, represented which country?
"Who was the American who, in 1871, collected animals and freaks for a travelling circus, menagerie and museum, which by 1872 was billing itself as ""The Greatest Show on Earth""?"
What is the third largest port of Belgium, accessed by a canal 200 metres (660 feet) wide and 32 kilometres (20 miles) long, which ends near the Dutch port of Terneuzen?
"The border crossing known as ""Checkpoint Charlie"" was between which two places?"
What is Bedloes Island in the USA used for?
As what are Jeff Ement, Matt Cameron, Mike McCready and Eddie Vedder collectively known?
During his visit in May 2009, the Pope was urged to complain about the state of what landmark between Israel and Jordan?
What was the name given to Barbary pirates who raided ships in the Mediterranean and the south European coast from bases on the north coast of Africa?
"Which game has been played in England since Tudor Times, with the earliest reference being in 1744 in ""A Little Pretty Pocketbook"" where it is called Baseball?"
What product of photosynthesis, a carbohydrate occurring in the cells of plants, can be changed into glucose or dextrine?
"When Metro Pictures took over two other companies to form MGM, MGM adopted the former Goldwyn mascot ""Leo the Lion"" and what Goldwyn corporate motto?"
In 1960, who co-founded Motor Racing Developments Ltd., a British racing car manufacturer and Formula One racing team with designer Ron Tauranac?
What is an astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another?
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?
In 1987, the Fdracion International del Volleyball arranged the first World Beach Volleyball Championships, which was played where?
What is the name of the strait between New Guinea and the Australian mainland?
What is the name of the dark nebula in the constellation Orion that is approximately 1500 light years from Earth?
What is the more common name for the white crystalline salt called hydrated sodium pyroborate?
What is the name of the golf trophy for competition between teams of professional golfers from Europe and the USA that was first contested between Great Britain and the USA in 1927?
What is the main attraction at Taronga Park, Sydney?
With what sport is Dennis Compton associated?
Which sport was developed in 1895 when the Rugby Union refused to allow professionalism?
What is the capital of the province of Manitoba, Canada?
Rob Pilatis and Fab Morvan were collectively known as what?
In which country is Lake Como?
Gordon Ramsay's first foray in TV was in which 1998 fly-on-the-kitchen-wall documentary?
Which conflict began in England in 1455 after King Henry VI, following a troubled reign, had a long period of mental withdrawal?
What is the surname of the film director whose first names are Francis Ford?
"Which 16th century Venetian, born Jacopo Robusti, studied under Titian and painted ""St George and the Dragon"", ""Belshazzar's Feast"", ""The Last Supper"" and ""Paradise""?"
Which group of around 200 Greek islands in the Aegean Sea includes Andros, Naxos, Paros and Milos?
"Which German social economist of Jewish descent, expelled from Germany and France, co-wrote in London ""The Communist Manifesto"" and ""Das Kapital""?"
What is the name for the period of French history from 2 December 1852 (when Napoleon III became Emperor) to 4 September 1870 (when the Third Republic was set up after the Battle of Sedan)?
"Which pair of films starred Uma Thurman as ""the bride"", Daryl Hannah as her arch-nemesis and Lucy Liu as ""Cottonmouth""?"
The English cities of Gloucester and Worcester are on which river?
The Babylonians invented the clepsydra. What was it?
Where, since 1839, is the Grand National Steeplechase run over 4 1/2 miles in England in March?
Which film, directed by David Lean and starring John Mills, opens with an escaped convict grabbing hold of a boy in a graveyard?
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"
Who has been President of France twice, but never been elected to the position?
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?
Who was married to Whitney Houston from 1992 to 2007?
Where is the giant copper statue of a man, woman and child, known as the African Renaissance monument, that was unveiled in April 2010?
"Which country launched the space station ""Skylab"" in 1973?"
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?
What was the name of Canada's first woman Prime Minister?
Which British stage director won an Oscar for his feature-film directing debut, which starred Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, and Thora Birch?
The Webb Ellis Cup is presented to the winners of the World Cup in what sport?
The borders of which European country, that were set under the reign of Afonso III (1248 to 1279), are the same today?
What is the name of the five horizontal lines on and between which musical notes are written?
Which art movement, founded in a Zurich caf during World War I and consolidated at a meeting held in Paris in 1920, was led by Tristan Tzara?
Where was the final of the 1999 Rugby World Cup held?
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"
Which golfer won the Open Championship five times between 1975 and 1983?
What is the name of the commercial airport which opened in 2005 on the site of the former RAF Finningley?
In the Harry Potter books there are 4 houses at Hogwarts School. Three of them are Gryffendor, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. Name the fourth.
At which racecourse did A P McCoy ride his 4000th winner?
The Welsh Highland Railway runs between Porthmadog and which town or city?
Which Commonwealth country was the first outside the UK to broadcast Dr Who?
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?
Which cricketing nation was first granted Test status in 2000?
Which company produced the Hastings and Herald aircraft?
Which World War II Aircraft was known as the 'Flying Stringbag'?
Although mostly associated with Manchester in which other part of the UK were the Gibb Brothers born?
Las Vegas is in which US State?
The United Nations Organisation UNHRC looks at what specific issue?
In the book by James Hilton what was the full surname of the character Mr Chips?
Which British Cathedral has three spires?
Which folk singer and activist who died in 2014 aged 94 years co-wrote the songs Where Have All The Flowers Gone, If I had a Hammer and adapted the song Turn, Turn, Turn from the Book of Ecclesiastes?
Which US president controversially granted Nixon a full pardon over the Watergate scandal?
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?
The Carnegie family fortune was built around Andrew Carnegie’s success in manufacture in which industry?
Who directed the Michael Jackson video ‘Bad’?
To within a year either side, in which year were the proceedings of the House of Commons first televised?
Given by the British tabloid press, what is the nickname of Nick Freeman, a solicitor famous for helping his clients escape punishment?
From 1791 to 1803, Toussaint L’Ouverture led a revolt against France on which island?
What name is given to belief in more than one god?
Who was the first actor to be knighted?
Which author created the LAPD detective Harry Bosch?
The Elgin Marbles were originally part of which building?
Which restaurant chain has supported the Venice in Peril campaign since 1975?
Deacon Blue took their name from the title of a song by which group?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?
Convallaria majalis is the scientific name for what popular garden flower?
With its capital at Jaipur, what is the largest state of India, by area?
The Italian soccer club Sampdoria plays home games in which city?
Which member of the cabinet is MP for Maidenhead?
Which musician and composer said 'Wagner has wonderful moments, and dreadful quarters of an hour'?
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?
Whose last opera was Falstaff?
Which author also writes under the name Barbara Vine?
During World War II in which country did the Battle of the Kasserine Pass take place?
In which children?s cartoon series have you 'gotta catch em all'?
Who is the presenter of the TV series The School of Hard Sums?
Who wrote the opera A Masked Ball?
Who played the part of Dr Mark Sloan in the TV series Diagnosis Murder?
Name the year in which Driving Miss Daisy won the Best Picture Oscar, Mikhail Gorbachev is elected as the first executive President of the Soviet Union and Iraq invaded Kuwait?
Which US state is known as The First State as it was first to ratify the Constitution in 1787?
Which top German football club play home games at the Allianz Stadion?
Who played Gene Hunt in the TV series Life on Mars and Ashes to Ashes?
In Jeff Wayne's 'Musical Version of Spartacus' released in 1992, which later Oscar-winning British actress sings the principal female role of Palene?
In Arthurian legend, the Fisher King is is the keeper of which relic?
Which is the home city of cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, where he recently finished his career?
Former tennis player Vijay Armitrage apears in which James Bond film?
Which businessman on his elevation to the House of Lords, by Gordon Brown, in 2000, took the title Baron of Clapton?
In which book of the bible is the story of Samson and Delilah?
Which river is spanned by Abraham Darby's Iron Bridge?
In which book of the bible is the story of Noah's Ark?
The name of which chemical element takes its name from the Greek for light-bringing?
In which Jane Austen novel is Frederick Wentworth the lover of Anne Elliot?
Which author?s son was killed in World War I, events depicted in the TV film called My Boy Jack?
Which Lancashire football club plays home games at the Globe Arena, moving from Christie Park in 2010?
What is the surname of the TV sibling characters Chris, Meg and Stewie (and pet Brian)?
The Isle of Capri is close to which Italian resort?
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?
What is the name of the fragrant essential oil obtained chiefly from the Damask Rose?
Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?
In which film did Jude Law play a sniper at the Battle of Stalingrad?
Played on TV by Gregor Fisher, whose boat was called The Vital Spark?
How old were Jimmi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison when they died?
The revolutionary group the Sandinistas were active in which country?
An orrery, popular in the 13th and 19th centuries, was a model of what?
Eleanor of Provence was the wife of which long-reigning English king?
Which car manufacturer originally made the model known as the Matiz?
Who, c1819, wrote the poem Ode to the West Wind?
What is the name of the cartoon cat that is always chasing Tweety Pie?
The statue of the 'Little Mermaid' is in the harbour of which city?
In a film who married Princess Fiona, the daughter of King Harold and Queen Lillian of Far, Far Away?
Who was shot and killed along with his mistress Clara Petacci on 28th April 1945?
A 2002 article titled What's Sarong with this Picture? in an online film journal profiled which yesteryear actress?
The documentary about the making of which 1970s groundbreaking film was titled Hearts of Darkness alluding not just to the novel that inspired it but also to it's chaotic production?
What period film of Stanley Kubrick that recounts the exploits of an 18th century Irish adventurer is loosely based on a novel of William Makepeace Thackeray?
What food staple is the focus of a 1980 documentary ___ Is as Good as Ten Mothers that was filmed primarily in Gilroy, California?
If Aman handles military intelligence and Shin Bet handles internal security, which agency is responsible for the overseas intelligence work of its country?
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?
In the Norrmalmstorg bank robbery in 1973, employees were held hostage for a few days and became emotionally attached to their captors, and even defended them after they were freed from their six-day ordeal. In which city did this incident take place?
Which organization of the Catholic church whose name is Latin for 'Work of God' received world attention with the publication of The Da Vinci Code in which it is portrayed as participating in a sinister international conspiracy?
The organization Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) was created in 1971 as an aftermath of what humanitarian crisis in Africa?
The Frenchman Jean Robert-Houdin (1805-1871) is credited with formalizing what form of entertainment?
The infamous drug cartel run by Pablo Escobar through the 1970s and 1980s takes its name from which Columbian city?
What are Cohíba, Hoyo de Monterrey, Montecristo, Partagás, Romeo y Julieta and Quintero?
If you are standing at Tanjung Piai, the southernmost point of mainland Asia, you can see the skyline of what country across a strait?
Perhaps foreshadowing recent events in Ukraine, over what region of the Southern Caucasus did Russia and Georgia go to war in 2008?
After an episode of The Simpsons in which Bart is eaten by a boa aired in 2002, which city's tourism department threatened to sue Fox for defamation? (hint: the city was the center of world's attention in 2014 and will be in 2016 as well)
What country has the greatest proportion of Hindus in its population with 80.6% (hint: not India)?
A set of traditional laws called Kanun influence life in what mountainous European country?
An urban legend about the similarity in the flags of Bahrain and what other country says that the red color of Bahrain weathered in the sun into the maroon of the other?
Mohenjo-daro and Harappa in present-day Pakistan were the most important city settlements of a Bronze Age civilization that is named after what major geographic feature?
If the Staten Island Ferry is to New York, the Star Ferry that was originally called the Kowloon Ferry Company is to what city?
Which Japanese island that has its capital at Sapporo is the traditional home of the Ainu people?
The Bridge of the Horns is a proposed construction project to build a bridge across the Bab-el-Mandeb, the strait between the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden. What two countries will it connect?
What is the only language that is historically African in origin among the six official working languages of the African Union?
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?
Which country is separated into two parts by the town of Limbang of Malaysia?
The U.S. Masters, one of the four major championships in professional golf, is the only major championship that is played at the same course each year. Where has it been played since its inception in 1934?
The flag of which country prominently features 'The Eagle of Saladin' holding a scroll bearing the name of the country in Arabic?
Luzon, Visayas and Mindanao form the three major island groups of which country?
Which city in Egypt has been characterised as the 'world's greatest open air museum' and contains the ruins of the temple complexes at Karnak as well as monuments that include the Valley of the Kings and the Valley of the Queens?
Which island in the Mediterranean was the center of the Minoan civilization (ca. 2600-1400 BCE), the oldest civilization in Europe?
"The No. 617 Squadron of the Royal Air Force which operated with the motto ""After me, the flood"" is known for its attacks on what type of installations during WWII?"
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?
What battle of the Middle Ages fought on Saint Crispin's Day has been immortalized by a speech that references the day in a Shakespearean history play?
Which country is currently ruled by the Chakri dynasty that has been in power since 1782?
The 1827 Battle of Navarino in which the Ottoman/Egyptian armada was destroyed by a combined British, French and Russian navy is notable for being the last battle to be fought with sailing ships. It is a conflict in the war of independence of which country?
After a short war with Norway during the Napoleonic wars of 1814, what country remained uninvolved in any conflict ever since and is now the oldest neutral country in the world?
The Battle of Asculum took place in 279 BC between the Romans and the Greeks in which the Romans lost 6,000 men, while the Greeks lost 3,500, including many of their officers. Who commanded the 'victorious' Greeks?
The Battle of the Plains of Abraham in 1759, a pivotal battle in the Seven Years' War fought between the English and the French, is the only major confrontation ever to have taken place in what country?
Which city of central Spain was renowned throughout the Middle Ages as an important center for the production of swords and other bladed instruments?
The 1997 transfer of Hong Kong from Great Britain to China is well-known. But in 1999, which country similarly relinquished its claim on Macau also handing it over to China?
When it was liberated from the UK in 1957, which country became the first sub-Saharan nation to gain independence?
The 19th century invention Paige Compositor sought to replace the typewriter but ended up becoming a failure. Which American author lost nearly all his fortune for its development?
What is the name of the vessel in Paul Gallico's 1969 adventure novel that has been adapted as a film four times?
The division of Penguin that deals with science fiction and fantasy books started in 2002 with what fantastical avian name? (hint: Stravinsky)
What is the subject of the best-known works of writers Theodor Mommsen and Edward Gibbon?
Great short-stories like The Gift of the Magi, The Ransom of Red Chief, and The Cop and the Anthem are from what collection of O. Henry that was a reaction to a statement that only four hundred people mattered in New York?
A fictional species of great apes called 'Mangani' are responsible for raising which popular character?
The first name of which science fiction hero created by Alex Raymond was retitled as 'Speed' in Australia to avoid a negative connotation of the word by which we know him better?
Washington Irving's classic story Rip Van Winkle is set in which geographic region of New York state?
"The 1902 guitar composition ""Gran Vals"" by the Spanish composer Francisco Tárrega would have remained obscure but for corporate executive Anssi Vanjoki selecting it for something in 1993. How do millions of people recognize it now?"
Which 1977 musical was inspired by a magazine article about Bay Ridge kids of Brooklyn whose working class lives were said to be so empty that they lived just to dance on the weekend?
The lyrics of which song first put to music by Pete Seeger in 1959 and later made famous by The Byrds were taken almost entirely from the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible?
What is the name of the coronation anthem composed by Handel using texts from the King James Bible that has been sung at every British coronation service since 1727?
Which 1968 album released by George Harrison is notable for being the first official solo album by one of The Beatles?
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?
What is the better known name of the English singer Yusuf Islam who converted to Islam in 1977 at the height of his fame?
"'The Doors' generated a controversy with the single ""Hello, I Love You"" in 1968 when the press pointed out it's resemblance to the 1965 hit ""All Day and All of the Night"" of which band?"
Jimi Hendrix presented the broken parts of the guitar that he destroyed on-stage at the 1968 Miami Pop Festival to whom? Not sure if the recipient named it Moon Unit.
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?
St Thomas's Abbey, Brno in the Czech Republic was the scene of whose path-breaking work from 1856 to 1863?
The bitter 19th century rivalry between paleontologists Edward Drinker Cope and Othniel Charles Marsh during their search for dinosaur fossils is usually described with what 2-words?
Scientist Ernest Rutherford once said all science is just what subject while comparing the rest to stamp collection?
Dr. Benjamin Rush gave what expeditionary group mercury laced laxatives which proved to be excellent tracers by which archaeologists have now been able to track their actual route?
Can you connect Darwin and his research on Galapagos Islands to the book To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is the more common name for 'transposons' discovered by Barbara McClintock who investigated the reason for uneven splattering of color in corn kernels?
What term was popularized by Nobel Prize-winning Paul Crutzen to replace 'Holocene' epoch on the Geological Time Scale as he felt that the influence of humans on Earth is significant?
Every simply connected, closed 3-manifold is homeomorphic to the 3-sphere. Stated above is what mathematical problem named for a Frenchman that defied experts for a century before it was solved by Grigori Perelman in 2006?
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?
What is the name of the mountain pass which lies between Pakistan and Afghanistan?
What is the name of the group of 1,196 islands in the North Indian Ocean, none bigger than five square miles?
Who was king of France at the time of the French Revolution?
What is the principal language of Bulgaria?
What is the name of the cathedral in Red Square, Moscow?
Which country is known to its people as Suomen Tasavalta?
Which crusade was led by Philip II Augustus of France and Richard I of England?
In which Netherlands city does the United Nations International Court of Justice sit?
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?
Who proclaimed the People's Republic of China in 1949?
Which wife of Henry VIII had already married twice before she became queen, and married for a fourth time after Henry's death?
In which country is the castle that gives the Habsburg dynasty its name?
What was the former name of the British Green Party?
"What is the more common name of the ""simple plurality"" system of voting?"
Which builder of steam engines formed a successful partnership with Matthew Boulton?
What was the nickname of the French singer Edith Piaf?
What kind of an organism is a truffle?
What is the name of the strong material found in plant cell walls?
Which branch of science has four fundamental principles: addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
What is the force that opposes the relative motion of two bodies that are in contact?
What name is given to the study of animal behavior?
Which rodent rears its young, called kittens, in a nest called a drey?
What has a central vein called a midrib?
What was the name of the Flintstones' pet?
What is secreted by the pancreas to regulate blood sugar levels?
How many chambers has the heart?
When the egg is released from the ovary, what is left behind?
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?
Which common mineral is used to make casts, moulds, blackboard chalk and plaster of Paris?
Who was the first man to walk on the Moon?
Proteus and Nereid are moons of which planet?
What is the Milky Way?
Which force is nothing more than the bending of space and time?
In what film did Oprah Winfrey make her big screen acting debut?
What colour is the number 10 on the door of 10 Downing Street? White, Yellow or Brown?
What number in Bingo is sometimes referred to as Heinz varieties?
As at March 2001, who holds the record for scoring the most league goals for the soccer team Arsenal?
How many verses make up the national anthem God Save The Queen?
What colour is the cross on the national flag of Switzerland?
Who was the American President when the Berlin Wall was constructed?
What is the minimum number of darts a person needs to throw to complete a leg from 501?
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?
How many pieces are there in a standard set of dominoes?
What is the acronym for the agency which provides co-operation between police forces worldwide?
In which year was the Encyclopedia Britannica first published?
On the London Underground, which is the only line to connect at some point with every other line on the system?
Who wrote The Importance Of Being Earnest?
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?
What is the most populated city in America?
What is the only letter of the alphabet which does not appear in any of the names of the 50 American states?
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?
What are the only two musical notes which have no flats?
From which country do French fries originate? France, Belgium or Switzerland?
For what novel did J. K. Rowling win the 1999 Whitbread Children's book of the year award?
What is the longest word can be typed using only the top row of letters on a typewriter?
In which city would you find O'Hare International Airport?
Which Asian country was once called Siam?
What are the names of Donald Duck's three nephews?
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?
What is the second most common word in written English?
In which arcade game, would you find ghosts called Inky, Pinky, Blinky and Clyde?
More commonly known as the thigh bone, what is the medical name for the longest bone in the human body?
Which cult film, starring Harrison Ford, was based on the story Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
Which ITV magazine style show ran from 1968 to 1980 and featured presenters including Jenny Hanley, Mick Robertson and Tommy Boyd?
In February 1987, which UK airline was privatised and listed on the London Stock Exchange?
What was the name of the 1960’s rock band which comprised Eric Clapton, Ginger Baker, Steve Winwood and Ric Grech?
What colour cape does Batman’s sidekick Robin wear in the 1960’s television series?
Jack Nicholson played Randle McMurphy in which film?
Steve Jobs, Ronald Wayne and Steve Wozniak founded which company in 1976?
In Greek mythology, who did flute playing shepherd Marsyas challenge to a music contest, the winner of which flayed Marsyas to death for his presumption?
In the UK television series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’, what is Edina’s surname?
Which late American musician, who pioneered the styles of rock and roll and rockabilly, was born Vincent Eugene Craddock in 1935?
Josiah Tulkinghorn is Sir Lester Dedlock’s lawyer in which novel by Charles Dickens?
Bole is a shade of which colour?
Which duo wrote the UK television series ‘Dad’s Army’?
In medicine, if something is subcutaneous it is applied or located under which organ of the body?
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?
What was the name of the ‘asylums’ in Britain which were slave laundries from the 18th to late 20th Centuries, ostensibly to house ‘fallen women’?
Didsbury, Ardwick and Fallowfield are all areas of which British city?
Wrigley Field in Chicago USA is a venue for which sport?
What was the World’s first teletext information service?
What is the nickname of the frontiersman Nathaniel Poe, played by Daniel Day Lewis, in the 1992, film ‘The Last of the Mohicans’?
Breve, Mocha and Americano are all types of which drink?
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?
Which element has the atomic number 1?
In the 1962 film ‘Lolita’, what is Lolita’s first name?
Which rugby union team position wears shirt number 15?
Birchill, Thornhill and Lisvane are all areas of which British city?
Sound engineer Peter Lodge first announced which phrase on the London Undergound rail network in 1969?
Which British comedian plays headmaster Mr Gilbert in the UK television series ‘The Inbetweeners’?
Who did Germany defeat to win the 1990 FIFA World Cup?
How many male strippers perform on stage together in the 1997 film ‘The Full Monty’?
The 2009 film ‘The Hangover’ is set in which city?
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?
Historical figures John Rann, John MacLaine, James Hind and Claude Duval were all notorious what?
What is the currency of Lithuania?
‘Be the best’ is the official motto of which of the British armed forces?
The Suricate is another name for which mammal?
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?
Which 1940 film, directed by John Ford, was based on John Steinbeck’s Pulitzer-Prize winning novel of the same name?
The feathers of which bird are said to bring bad luck if they are brought into the house?
What is the name of the official British coronation crown?
‘The Royal Hunt of the ‘what’ is a 1964 play by Peter Shaffer?
Gibraltar is linked by ferry to which North African city?
The French town of Bordeaux lies on which river?
‘Before I Forget’ is a 1981 Autobiography by which English actor?
‘Songs From the Tainted Cherry Tree’ is the debut album of which X Factor contestant?
Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice first worked together on which musical?
In which year was the UK television series ‘Doctor Who’ first broadcast?
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?
Which was the first country outside the UK to screen the television series ‘Doctor Who’?
In the UK television series ‘Doctor Who’, what is the name of the leader of the underground-dwelling race ‘Tractators’?
What is the atomic number of Helium?
Harold Holt became Prime Minister of which country in January 1966?
In 1968, ‘The Troubles’ began in which European country between elements of the nationalist community and the unionist community?
Which Roxy Music hit single features Robert E Lee?
Who designed the red telephone box, which first appeared in London in 1926?
Columbia University, in the city of New York, was founded as King’s College by royal charter of which British monarch?
Who played the title role in the 1951 film ‘Captain Horatio Hornblower RN’?
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?
Chatham Dockyard, which closed in 1984 and is now a visitor centre, is located in which English county?
In most constellations, which letter of the Greek alphabet was designated by German astronomer Johann Bayer to the brightest star?
What is the name of the fictional motor racing circuit in the children’s television series ‘Roary the Racing Car’?
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?
Which line on the London Underground rail system has the most stations?
The Kingdom of Bahrain lies in which body of water?
What is the title of the first novel to be published in the ‘Chronicles of Narnia’ series by C S Lewis?
Saint Fidelis Church, otherwise known as The Cathedral of the Plains, is located in which US state?
In March 1951, which comic strip character first appeared in newspapers across the US?
What was the first name of Italian crafter of violins Stradivari, who died in 1737?
The board game Pachisi originated in which country?
What type of creature is a Kokanee?
Bunny Chow, also known as Kota, is a fast-food dish consisting of a hollowed-out loaf filled with curry and is native to which country?
Playwright J M Barrie used a drawing by English artist Ben Nicholson as the base for a poster for which play?
Which mythological creatures are half horse and half man?
Who designed the Adidas sportswear for the British Olympic and Paralympics teams at the 2012 London Games?
According to the Scaffold song 'Lily the Pink', who had 'terrible freckles'?
How is the London statue 'The Angel of Christian Charity' more commonly known?
From which Shakespeare play does the phrase 'the green-eyed monster' originate?
What is the name of the whirlpool in the Hebrides between Scarba and Jura, the third largest in the world?
Which tennis player founded the fashion label Aneres?
Goodge Street tube station is on which London Underground line?
In which year did Reference Point win the Derby and Maori Venture win the Grand National?
Denmark has a single land border; with which country?
Who became Secretary -General of the Soviet Communist Party in 1985?
La Brabanconne is the national anthem of which country?
"""Don't be evil"" is the motto of which intemet company?"
Who scored Spain's winning goal in the final of the 2010 FIFA World Cup?
In which year did Nick Faldo win both the Open and the US Masters Championships?
On whose life is Somerset Maugham's 'The Moon and Sixpence' loosely based?
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?
Neil Kinnock's son Stephen is married to the Prime Minister of which Country?
Which football league championship side plays home games at Keepmoat Stadium?
What was Michelle Obama's maiden name?
Who is the vice President of the,USA?
The name of which European capital city means Merchants Harbour?
Which popular newsreader resigned from ITN in 1979?
Who led a revolt against the Normans in 1070 from stronghold on the Isle of Ely? ,
Which company merged with BOAC in 1974 to form British Airways?
The currency of Venezuela is named after which revolutionary?
Esztergom was once the capital of which country?
In which year was Sputnik, the first man-made satellite, launched?
The Hunter Valley is which country's oldest wine region?
Which long-running British TV series, now disappeared from our screens, began as a 1983 one-off drama called Woodentop'?
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?
In radio technology, what does the 'A' represent in 'DAB'?
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?
By what name was the artist Jacopo Comin (or Jacopo Robusti) better known?
Who gave his name to the scientific law that states that the pressure of a gas is inversely proportional to its volume at constant temperature?
Which King of England had two wives, both named Isabella?
In 2011, who became the first artist to win the Mercury Music Prize twice, first winning it in 2001?
Which river meets the Rhine at the 'German Comer'?
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?
The armistice to end World War I was signed in November 1918 in a railway carriage in which French town?
Sheikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa is the reigning monarch of what country?
To whom was the actress Carole Lombard married at the time of her death?
In the cartoon series, what kind of dog is Scooby Doo?
"Which artist was known as ""Jack the Dripper'?"
In which city are the baseball team the Dodgers based?
Ikarus was the codename for the proposed German invasion of which country?
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?
Which is the main sport played at the Basin Reserve in Wellington, New Zealand?
What is the name of the co-founder of Apple Computers who died in October 2011?
Which American won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002?
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?
Which car manufacturer has its headquarters at Martorell near Barcelona?
Name the year; Baring's Bank collapsed, Blackburn Rovers won the Premier League and Cliff Richard was knighted?
Name the year; the Warrington bombings, Grand National cancelled after false starts and Arsenal beat Sheffield Wednesday in the finals of both major cup competitions?
Which treaty was signed in March 1918 signalling Russia's exit from World War 1?
What was the name of the meeting held in July 1945 to discuss punishment of Nazi Germany?
Which Russian composer wrote the ballets 'The Stone Flower' and 'Romeo and Juliet'?
If you were in Japan eating edamame, what would you be eating?
Which Scottish league team play their home game at Victoria Park and have the nickname The Staggies'?
Amongst which composer's best known works are Danse Macabre and The Organ Symphony no 3?
The Whitworth Art Gallery is in which English city?
"In which opera would you find the ""Anvil Chorus""?"
Which fruit has the alternative name the alligator pear?
Who was king of England from 1042 to 1066?
Which is the only cactus fruit that is widely eaten?
Who became the first Prime Minister of an independent Bangladesh in January 1972?
"Who, in 1791, wrote ""The Life of Samuel Johnson""?"
"Which make of car is advertised under the slogan ""Vorsprung Durch Technik""?"
Of which country is Manama the capital?
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?
Which peninsula has the Mediterranean Sea to the south, the Aegean Sea to the west and the Black Sea to the north, and is separated from Europe by the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus?
The Australian city of Perth, the capital of Western Australia, is on which river?
What was the title of George Washingtons pronouncement in 1793 that provided a basis for the USA to avoid any involvement in foreign conflicts?
"Which horse race meeting, for ""The Gold Cup"", was first run in 1711 and is held on 7 June each year?"
The Canary Islands in the Atlantic are named after what?
"Which bass guitarist, songwriter, singer, and horn player, best known as part of ""The Who"", died in June 2002?"
Where were the FIBA (Basketball) World Championships held in 2002?
"Who dubbed the singing voice for Audrey Hepburn in the film version of ""My Fair Lady""?"
Saratoga and Yorktown, USA, are the sites of the defeat of which armies?
In Scandinavian mythology, what was the home of the Gods, approached by a bridge (Bifrost), that contained a great hall and Valhalla?
"From her first US film musical ""Down Argentina Way"" (1940), who became famous for extravagant hats, jewellery and dresses?"
What is the next in the series: Carboniferous, Permian, Triassic, Jurassic ?
"Which British sitcom was retitled ""Good Neighbors"" when it played in the United States?"
"What latin phrase means ""unaccompanied"" when applied to music?"
"What is the contraction of the German ""Geheime Staatspolizei"" used in English?"
In the 1960s, Margaret Rutherford starred in four films as which famous detective?
On 6 February 1840, what document was signed by Captain William Hobson (on behalf of Queen Victoria) and a number of Maori chiefs as the basis for New Zealand to become part of the British Empire?
"What city is known to its inhabitants as ""auld reekie""?"
What play written in 1902 by J. M. Barrie reverses the rankings of the classes in British society when aristocrats and servants are shipwrecked on a deserted tropical island?
"How many different colours are used for the circles on a ""Twister"" mat?"
On what play by George Bernard Shaw is the musical My Fair Lady based?
What board game for two players is known as wiq in Chinese and baduk in Korean?
The Sandinista National Liberation Front ruled from 1979 to 1990, initially as part of a Junta of National Reconstruction, in which country?
The Reign Of Terror was a period in the revolution of which country?
In Buddhism, what is the state of blissful repose or absolute existence by someone relieved of the necessity of rebirth?
Fado is a type of music from which country?
"What song plays over the closing credits of ""Die Hard"" (1988)?"
Who is a senior servant in a large household, specifically in charge of the dining room, wine cellar, and pantries?
What British sitcom that aired from 1979 to 1981 in the UK, starred Penelope Keith and Peter Bowles?
What mountain system in the USA stretches over 1500 miles south to Alabama, through which pass the Hudson and Mohawk Valleys?
What US TV sitcom that ran for 7 years to 19 March 1977 was the first to have an independent career woman, Mary Richards, as the central character?
In the Crimean War, what did Florence Nightingale begin to be called?
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?
If you were from the Cayman Islands, which is part of the British West Indies, what sort of passport would you have?
By what name was netball previously known?
By what name is Siddhartha Gautama better known?
Which German-born chemist split the uranium atom in 1939 and won the Nobel prize in 1944?
Who was re-elected President of the Republic of Germany in 1932 defeating Adolf Hitler, became a figurehead when Hitler became Chancellor in 1932, and died in 1934, enabling Hitler to disestablish the position of President and proclaim himself Fuhrer?
"Whose autobiography was entitled ""Step Inside Love""?"
The 1812 Fire of Moscow, on 14 September 14 1812, broke out after most residents and Russian troops had abandoned the city, and whose troops had entered it?
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?
Which US State ended prohibition in November 1948, a law that had been in place there for 68 years?
"In what sport would one ""bully off""?"
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?
Who built the original Palace of Versailles that was enlarged by Louis XIV?
From which country was Fulgencio Batista ousted in 1959?
"""Fawlty Towers"" was written by John Cleese and Connie Booth, who played main characters. Which character did Connie Booth play?"
"In the 1956 film ""The Ten Commandments"", who played Moses?"
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?
Which film starring Steve McQueen featured a car chase through the streets of San Francisco?
Who was the first of these to become US President?
In the International Radio Alphabet, how many are traditional male given names
Which English rowing event is held every year on the River Thames for 5 days (Wednesday to Sunday) over the first weekend in July?
Which continent has the world's highest waterfall, largest river by volume, longest mountain range, driest place, largest rainforest, highest capital city, and highest commercially navigable lake?
What was the capital of the Portuguese empire from 1808 to 1815?
In which country is the city of Kandahar?
The War of the Triple Alliance (1864 - 1870) was fought between the allied countries of Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay and which other country?
In which US state are the Catskill Mountains?
Charles Lindbergh became famous by flying which aeroplane?
"Who was the author of ""Around The World In 80 Days"" and ""20,000 Leagues Under The Sea""?"
"Which group had hits with ""You Really Got Me"", ""All Day And All Of The Night"", ""Waterloo Sunset"" and ""Lola""?"
Which war, engineered by Bismarck, included the siege and surrender of Paris and ended in the union of German states with William I as emperor?
What was the name of Sir Fred Hoyles theory, an alternative to the Big Bang, that said that there was continuous creation of matter between galaxies, so that as galaxies get further apart, new ones develop between them?
The navy from which country destroyed the Russian fleet at Port Arthur after a number of attacks in 1904 and 1905?
What is the Scottish word that applies to New Year's Eve?
The Republic of China (ROC) did not compete at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 because the People's Republic of China (PRC) pressured the organisers to stop them competing under that name. What name did the ROC use when it next competed in 1984?
In the nursery rhyme, who put in his thumb and pulled out a plum?
What is the former name of Helsingor, Denmark?
What is the next in this series: Conrad Hilton, Michael Wilding, Michael Todd, Eddie Fisher, Richard Burton?
What is the capital of Malta?
Anthony Wilding, who won the Wimbledon men's singles from 1910 to 1913, was from what country?
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?
"In 2006 English politician George Galloway was widely quoted as saying that it would be ""morally justified if someone chose to assassinate "" whom?"
Center, Offensive guard, Offensive tackle, Tight end, Wide receiver, Fullback, Running back, Quarterback, Defensive end, Defensive tackle, Nose guard, Linebacker, Cornerback, Safety, Nickelback and Dimeback are positions in which sport?
American rapper Tramar Dillard is better known by what stage name?
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?
What was the name given to the largest alluvial gold nugget discovered by John Deason and Richard Oates at Moliagul, Victoria, Australia on 5 February 1869?
"What is the current name of the islands originally called the ""Sandwich Islands""?"
What began when Bohemia revolted against the Habsburgs in 1618?
In 2006, who became the second basketball player to score over 80 points in an NBA game?
"What sport has been contested annually in Britain since 1715 in the race called ""Doggett's Coat and Badge""?"
Maine Coon, Munchkin, Oriental Shorthair, Persian, Ragamuffin, Russian Blue, Siamese, Siberian, Snowshoe, Sphynx, Tonkinese and Manx are all breeds of what?
Which 2008 Western film starred Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen as lawmen, Jeremy Irons as a rancher and Renee Zellweger as a piano-playing widow?
"What organisation was founded in 1831 by James Winston, Samuel James Arnold, Samuel Beazley, Sir Andrew Francis Barnard, and Francis Mills to ""tend to the regeneration of the Drama""?"
In 1995, Steffi Graf became the only tennis player to have won each of the four grand slam events how many times?
Actor Omar Sharif is one of the world's leading players of which game?
What is the favourite drink of a vampire?
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?
In which year was the first robbery for which it is known that Jesse James was responsible, of the Davies's County Savings Association in Gallatin, Missouri, during which Jesse shot and killed the cashier, Captain John Sheets?
"On 2 November 2010, the oil painting ""Nude Sitting on a Divan"" sold for $68.9 million, a record for an artwork by which artist?"
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"
"Which country set up the ""Committee on Public Information"" from April 1917 to June 1919 to run a propaganda campaign using newsprint, posters, radio, telegraph, cable and movies to broadcast its message, including fabrications (e.g. images of enemy soldiers killing babies and hoisting them on bayonets), and told citizens to seek out spies, which led to the creation of ""patriotic organizations,"" which spied, tapped telephones, and opened mail in an effort to ferret out ""spies and traitors"" (i.e. anyone who called for peace, questioned the war's progress, or criticized government policies)?"
In 2006 Monty Panesar became the first person of what religion to play test cricket for England?
What are the tetrahedron, cube, octahedron, dodecahedron and icosahedron known as?
What separates Wales from Devon, England?
The island of Tasmania is governed by which country?
The Black Hawk War was for possession of lands east of the Mississippi. In which modern day state was the first confrontation, at Stillman's Run, on 14 May 1832, which resulted in a victory for Chief Black Hawk's Sauk and Fox warriors over the local militiamen commanded by Major Isaiah Stillman?
"How is the title of Rossini's opera ""La Gazza Ladra"" usually translated into English?"
Horatio was a legendary Roman hero who defended a bridge against which army?
Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?
The Sagrada Famlia in Barcelona, which began construction in 1882, was consecrated and declared a basilica by the Pope in what year?
What is the only county in the USA to border 5 counties from 5 different states : Baca County, Colorado; Morton County, Kansas; Texas County, Oklahoma; Dallam County, Texas; Union County, New Mexico ?
What is the next in the series: Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Tanganyika, Uganda, Zanzibar, Kenya, Malawi, Zambia, Gambia, Botswana, Lesotho, Mauritius
What amateur rowing club based at Henley on Thames, England, was founded in 1818?
"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"
Which Europeans have been proved to have reached North America before Christopher Columbus?
What Scottish city is at the confluence of the rivers Dee and Don?
Ivan Galamian has had world-wide influence as a teacher of what?
According to Greek legend, which sorceress helped Jason to find the golden fleece and became his wife?
Who created St Trinians, a fictional girls' boarding school, the subject of 8 books and 7 films between 1954 and 2009?
"In what sport are the ""stones"" aimed at the ""house""?"
Who married Heidi Klum in May 2005?
Ninette de Valois was involved professionally in what activity?
The mountain massif called Maxwell Montes contains the highest point on the surface of which planet?
Which of the continents is the smallest in area?
What natural effect is only visible during a total eclipse of the sun?
Stirling who was a British racing driver, who raced from 1948 to 1962 and won 212 of the 529 races he entered, including 16 Formula One Grands Prix?
"Who wrote the music for the musical ""A Chorus Line""?"
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?
Lieutenant General James Thomas Brudenell, who commanded the Light Brigade of the British Army during the Crimean War, was the 7th Earl of what?
How many US states border Lake Superior?
Who was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England?
Where was the world's tallest road bridge opened in December 2004?
What team does controversial quarterback Michael Vick play for in the National Football League in the USA?
"Charlie Sheen starred as which character in the TV series ""Two and a Half Men""?"
"Who published ""A Book of Nonsense"" (a volume of limericks that went through three editions) in 1846, ""The History of the Seven Families of the Lake Pipple-Popple"" in 1865, and ""The Owl and the Pussycat"" in 1867?"
What innovation was introduced to Britain by Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger in 1798?
What nickname was given to Ana Cumpna, also known as Anna Sage, who betrayed John Dillinger to the police when he attended the Biograph Theater in Chicago?
MC Romeo, Dan Da Man, Mr Akira and Mr C were members of which group?
"Who wrote the piece of music recognised in much of the Western world as ""The Wedding March"" (or as ""Here Comes The Bride"")?"
Tanzania was renamed in 1964. What was it previously called?
Who was the legless World War II fighter pilot who was detained in German prisoner of war camps for 4 years?
"In the TV series ""Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines"", what is the name of Dastardly's squadron?"
Which game that contained many D&D; features and references, including a computer controlled dungeon master, created in 1975 by Will Crowther on a DEC PDP-10 computer, the first widely used adventure game, was significantly expanded in 1976 by Don Woods, that inspired a group of students at MIT to write a game called Zork in the summer of 1977 for the PDP-10 minicomputer which became quite popular on the ARPANET?
"In Scotland and northern England, what is a ""bairn""?"
What 2008 film is an adaptation by Andrew Davies of a book by Sarah Waters, that is set in a Victorian-era women's prison?
What is the official residence of the Vice President of the USA?
Raph Koster, Brad McQuaid, Mark Jacobs, Brian Green and J. Todd Coleman are influential in MMORPG design. What is MMORPG?
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?
Who was the last English king from the House of Normandy, succeeded by Henry II in 1154, the first of the Plantagenets?
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?
In which sea is the The Grenadines island chain?
Who is the current Secretary-General of the United Nations ?
The Uffizi and the Bargello are among the museums of art in which European city ?
In which TV establishment were Miss Gatsby and Miss Tibbs residents ?
Which entertainer was known as ' The Brazilian Bombshell ' ?
Which Canadian darts player is nicknamed ' Darth Maple ' ?
What is the name of Tokyo's seaport ?
In which city was the rock star Michael Hutchence found dead in 1997 ?
Which President of the USA has daughters named Malia Ann and Natasha or more famously Sasha ?
Which type of hat takes its name from an 1894 novel by George Du Maurier where the title character has the surname O'Ferrall ?
"In the story of Jason and the Argonauts, what was the name of the Greek god who rises from the sea and holds the rocks in place in order to let the ship ""The Argo"" to pass ?"
Ridden by jockey Brian Fletcher, which horse won the 1968 Grand National at odds of 100 / 7 ?
Living from 1924 to 2006 what was the name of the Detective Police Superintendant of Scotland Yard who famously tracked down Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs after he escaped from prison in 1965, although he had to leave without arresting him ?
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?
Recently appointed, what is the name of the current manager of Southampton Football Club ?
Alternatively known as Austrpphlebia Costalis, what type of insect is a Southern Giant Darner ?
Darwin is the capital of which Australian state ?
Which toy won the award for Toy of the Year in 1997 ? It came under controversy in 1999 when Conservative pundit Jerry Falwell claimed that one of them was a homosexual model for children.
Which famous 1847 novel by Charlotte Bronte features a character named Edward Rochester who resides at Thornfield Hall?
Whic famous 1814 novel by Jane Austen features a character named Fanny Price, the second eldest of nine children?
"Which energy drink, introduced in 1987 has the advertising slogan ""gives you wings""?"
Irish writer and poet Oscar Wilde, who died in 1900, is buried in which European country?
With which famous male criminal would you associate the address 25 Cromwell Street, Gloucester?
What nationality was the tennis player Judy Teggart who lost to Billie Jean King in the 1968 Ladies Single Final at Wimbledon?
Which ex British daily newspaper was first published in 1968 and featured the front page headline 'Second Spy Inside GCHQ'? It cost 18 pence and was owned by Eddy Shah a Manchester based businessman.
Which Scottish mathematician, physicist, astronomer and astrologer who lived from 1550 to 1617is widely regarded as being the discoverer of logarithms?
Which famous stage production, first seen in 1973, contains a scruffily dressed hunchback named Riff Raff?
Introduced in 1940, the 'Local Defence Volunteers' later became known by what two word name?
Three Men in a Boat was a famous novel of 1889 by which famous author?
What was the name of the female that politician John Profumo had an affair with which ended his political career in 1963?
Which pop group in October 1974 reached NumberOne in the UK charts with Sad, Sweet Dreamer?
Which six letter Japanese word describes a class of professional women in Japan who are trained from girlhood to dance and entertain social gatherings of men?
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?
With a population of almost 930,000 inhabitants, what is the capital city of Nicaragua?
'The Slave of Duty' is the alternative name for which Gilbert and Sullivan opera?
Edward the Black Prince was the father of which English King?
The book The Red badge of Courage was set during which war?
"Which institution is known as 'The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street""?"
In which Middle Eastern country is the ancient city of Petra ?
Barnacles , crabs and lobsters belong to which class of marine life ?
Who wrote the short story on which the much admired film The Shaw - shank Redemption was based ?
Which anti-conformist movement in 1950's fashion began in New York's West Village and was characterised by black slim trousers , thick sweaters and untucked shirts ?
Which geological period came between the Triassic and Cretaceous periods?
Who wrote the title song for the James Bond film From Russia With Love?
Which German word meaning 'armour' was applied to certain army divisions in World War II ?
Which musical features the song 'Second Hand Rose'?
Which actor/comedian/quiz presenter was once a professional footballer with Brentford?
Which English football club used to play their home matches at The Old Show Ground until moving to their current stadium in 1988 ?
What is the country of origin of the supermarket chain Aldi ?
What was the title of the fourth 'Alien' film starring Sigourney Weaver ?
Who recorded the original version of the song When A Man Loves A Woman ?
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?
Who wrote Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis ?
What is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London ?
Who wrote the 1961 novel The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie ?
Flemish is almost identical in form to which other language ?
In which sci fi classic did the space ship Nostromo first appear?
Nigel Hawthorne was Oscar nominated for The Madness of which King?
Which Swedish actress won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for Murder on the Orient Express?
Which Oscar-nominated film had You Sexy Thing as its theme song?
Which much-loved actor won the Best Actor Oscar for The Philadelphia Story?
Which legendary dancer was Oscar-nominated for The Towering Inferno?
What was the name of the brothel in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas?
Who was the male star of the movie The Man of La Mancha?
Marc Dutroux hit the headlines over a 'house of horrors' in which country?
In which river is the Boulder Dam?
Which sports event was first held at Worcester, Massachusetts in 1927?
How old was Woody Herman when he founded his own orchestra?
For which movie did Katharine Hepburn win her second Oscar?
Who had a 60s No 1 hit with This Diamond Ring?
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?
In which country was the first permanent bungee jumping site situated?
Who succeeded Brezhnev as Soviet premier?
In the late 60s Owen Finlay MacLaren pioneered what useful item for parents of small chldren?
What is Harrison Ford's real name?
Who's home runs record did Mark McGwire break in the 1998 season?
Who won baseball's first World Series of the 80s?
What was Pete Sampras seeded when he won his first US Open?
For which team did Babe Ruth blast his last Major League home run?
What was Warren Beatty's first movie?
Which future Hollywood star got her break as Wonder Girl, Wonder Woman's sister Drusilla?
What US sitcom was the first exported to Britain?
In Hanna and Barbera's TV cartoons base on The Addams Family who was the voice of Gomez?
Who was the only female victim to be killed off in the opening credit sequence in Police Squad?
Who beat Tim Henman in his first Wimbledon singles semifinal?
Which grand slam did Pete Sampras not win in the 20th century?
How many of his 45 races did Mike Hawthorn, a former Formula One motor racing world champion, win?
In which country did the Internet start?
In which year was the Juilliard School founded in New York?
Who wrote My Life and Loves in 1926, originally banned in the US?
What was Blondie's last UK No 1 of the 80s?
The Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to which other Sea?
Which rock star did Cindy Crawford name her first son after?
Sun Yat Sen overthrew the emperor in which country establishing a republic after 2000 years of imperial rule?
Which Palestinian co-founded al Fatah in 1957?
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?
Which of the founders of United Artists had the last name nearest the beginning of the alphabet?
South Pacific was set during which war?
What percentage of the earth's surface is covered by Europe?
Which home of champagne in France was also where the German High Command surrendered in WWII?
Who first drew Mickey Mouse when ?Disney first supplied the voice?
Which actress wrote the novel The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles?
Who was the star of the film based on the record Harper Valley PTA by Jeannie C Riley?
Throughout the 80s and 90s Phil Collins recorded on which record label?
On which label did Chuck Berry record in the 1950s and 1960s?
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?
Which US city was named after a British Prime Minister?
Which singer had a big 60s No 1 with Roses Are Red?
What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Iceland?
Where was the American venue of the Live Aid concert?
In WWII, who was the head of the Nazi party's security service?
Which President of the Philippines was deposed in 1986?
Which state on the Gulf of Mexico is nearest the end of the alphabet?
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?
In what month was the attack on Pearl Harbor?
In the 1904 Olympics, how many of the 23 track and field titles were won by Americans?
In which city was John Lennon murdered?
Which caped crusader operated in Gotham City?
Who did Jack Ruby shoot in November 1963?
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?
Which orchestral conductor was married to one of the subjects of the film Hillary and Jackie?
Which writer and politician became Lord Tweedsmuir?
In what year was the first Tarzan novel published?
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?
What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?
The rings of which planet were first detected in 1980 but only identified in 1989 by the Voyager 2 spacecraft? .
Formula 1 driver Ayrton Senna died while leading the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix at which motor racing circuit?
"Which tree produces red fruits called ""haws""?"
The capital of Brazil was moved from Rio de Janeiro to the purpose-built capital city of Brasilia in what year?
The Rio Grande forms the border of Texas with what other area?
The Indonesian Army special forces group, founded in 1952, that conducts special operations missions for the Indonesian government is called what?
Ivan the Terrible was a czar of what country?
"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"
In 1968, what telephone number was established as the national emergency number for the United States?
Who won the gold medal for the 100m at the 1992 Olympics at 32 years of age and became the oldest Olympic 100 m champion by four years?
What is the name of the system of stellar designation in which a specific star is identified by a Greek letter (then Latin letters in lower-case then upper-case), followed by the genitive form of its parent constellation's Latin name (e.g. Tauri)?
In which decade was Barack Obama born?
What is the name of a bishop's staff that is shaped like a shepherd's crook?
Who was king of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex from 871 to 899, notable for his defence of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of southern England against the Vikings, and for improving his kingdom's legal system and military structure?
In the 16th century, which explorer began and led the first known successful circumnavigation of the earth?
Who designed the British World War II fighter plane, the Spitfire?
"In the films ""Batman Forever"" (1995) and ""Batman & Robin"" (1997) who was Bruce Wayne's ward?"
Who invaded Europe from Mongolia and Turkey over 300 years, beginning in the 13th century?
The Grand Old Party or GOP is the name for which political party in the USA?
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?
"Who says ""Is this a dagger that I see before me"" in a Shakespearean play?"
Prince Charles founded what organisation in 1976 to help young employed people?
Whose armies were defeated at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815?
Most of the world's caviar comes from where?
"Which Canadian, born Eilleen Regina Edwards, made the album ""Come on Over"", the best-selling album of all time by a female musician and the best-selling album in the history of country music?"
Who was elected Governor of the US State of Texas in 1994?
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?
In November 2010, Genoveva Aonma and sisters Bilguissa Simpor and Salimata Simpor of which national women's soccer team were accused by newspapers in Nigeria and Cameroon of being men, not women?
Beatrice Tinsley was well known in what field?
Which company was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on 4 April 1975 to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for a new microcomputer, the Altair 8800?
"A 1993 film starring Tom Hanks was ""Sleepless in ... "" where?"
Which expression is associated with the sinking of the HMS Birkenhead at Gansbaai near Cape Town, South Africa, in Febuary 1852?
"The song ""Love is All Around"" by Wet Wet Wet featured on the soundtrack for which 1994 film?"
"What is another name for ""mother of pearl""?"
In the 1930s, who was the first to win all 4 tennis Grand Slam titles?
"What sport is featured in ""Invictus"", a 2009 film directed by Clint Eastwood?"
Who was the first female prime minister of the Republic of India, who served for three consecutive terms from 1966 to 1977 and then from 1980 until her assassination in 1984?
"The narrative poem ""The Gypsies"" (1824) by Alexander Pushkin influenced a novella by Prosper Mrime (1845), which was the basis for a libretto by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halvy for which opera that premiered at the Opra-Comique of Paris in 1875?"
Celadon is a shade of what colour?
The Battle of Balaclava was in which war?
What was the nickname of tennis player Mark Philippoussis?
"Which album by Lily Allen contained the tracks ""The Fear"", ""Not Fair"" and ""22""?"
In the books by the Rev. W. V. Awdry and the UK TV series first broadcast in 1984 with Ringo Starr as storyteller, how many wheels does Thomas the Tank Engine have?
What is the literal translation of the name Las Vegas?
The islands of Malta, Sardinia, Sicily and Corsica are in which Sea?
What were Scotsmen prohibited from wearing 1746-1782 under the Highland Garb Act, after the rising in Scotland in 1745?
The Limpopo River separates Zimbabwe and Botswana from what country?
Which American bluegrass-country singer and fiddler has won 26 Grammy Awards, making her the most awarded female artist (and the third most awarded artist overall) in Grammy history since she recorded for the first time at the age of 14?
With what group are Bobby Seale and Huey P. Newton associated?
"The ""Three Laws of Motion"" are named after which scientist who published them in 1687?"
"Where was the sport called ""Tossing the caber"" developed?"
In which city can you visit the Luigi Ferraris Stadium, the gardens of the Villa Durazzo-Pallavicini, the Piazza De Ferrari, the cemetery of Staglieno, the Edoardo Chiossone Museum of Oriental Art and the Torre della Lanterna?
Who was the first US president to succeed to the Presidency upon the assassination of his predecessor and the first US President to be impeached?
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?
"What is the real name of ""Baby Spice"" of the Spice Girls, whose 2007 single ""All I Need to Know"" was the lowest-charting single of her solo career?"
"In the United Kingdom, what is ""The Solent""?"
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"
"In which song does the singer sing about ""the way you wear your hat, the way you sip your tea"", and ""the way you hold your knife, the way we danced till three""?"
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?
"The song ""Good Morning To All"", composed by Pattie and Mildred Hill in 1893, is now sung as what?"
When are the events surrounding the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin supposed to have taken place?
In 1973 the Paris Peace Accords were held in an attempt to end which war?
In which country were 29 miners killed after 2 explosions in the Pike River Mine in November 2010, making it the most-deadly mining disaster there in 96 years?
"What is the ""proper name"" for the main character in a series of novels by John Updike, who is nicknamed ""Rabbit""?"
In January 2013 Novak Djokovi and Victoria Azarenka won the respective men's and women's titles in which Championship?
In 1993, Eritrea became independent from which country?
On which coast of South America would you find the country of Venezuela?
What is the generic title of a series of French comic strips that were written originally by Ren Goscinny and illustrated by Albert Uderzo?
Which 1944 musical film, directed by Vincente Minnelli, starred Judy Garland, Mary Astor, Leon Ames, Marjorie Main and Margaret O'Brien who were going to the Louisianna Purchase Exposition of 1904?
Ornette Coleman, Louis Armstrong and Charles Mingus are associated with what style of music?
"What year did Jean-Francois Champollion publish the first correct translation of Egyptian hieroglyphs from the Rosetta Stone, the Roman Catholic Church take Galileo Galilei's ""Dialogue"" off their list of banned books, and Britain repeal the death penalty for over 100 crimes?"
Who was the first woman to fly solo from England to Australia?
In the USA in 1912, Theodore Roosevelt formed the Progressive Party when he lost the Republican nomination to William Howard Taft. What was the party also known as?
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?
The region of Catalonia is part of which country?
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?
What is the ninth month of the Muslim year, a period of fasting during which there is strict abstinence during daylight from food, drink and perfume?
"Who (although he claims that the author was an entity named Aiwass, his personal Holy Guardian Angel or ""Higher Self"") is credited with writing ""Liber AL vel Legis"", the central sacred text of Thelema, commonly referred to as The Book of the Law, in 1904?"
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"
Who was the only Prime Minister of Great Britain born outside the British Isles?
Which monastic order, founded in 529 AD, was based at a monastery at Monte Cassino, Italy, until it was sacked in 580, when the monks fled to Rome and then spread throughout Europe?
Kelly Slater is an American professional sportsman in what field?
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"
Areas on the Canadian eastern coast share their name with two breeds of dog, Newfoundland and which other?
Where are New Zealand's parliament buildings?
General Franco, the Spanish military general, was head of state of Spain from October 1936 following the Spanish Civil War, until when?
Which Chinese dynasty ruled from the 14th to the 17th century?
The composer Frdric Chopin had a decade-long affair with which French author?
The Sinai Peninsula is part of which country?
What is the last Grand Slam tennis tournament played in a calendar year?
The Australian Tennis Open is played in what city?
Saint Therese is associated with which town?
The game Ticket to Ride involves what kind of transport?
The Mekong River rises in the Tibetan plateau and runs through or between six countries - China, Burma, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam and which other?
Where are St. Peter's Basilica and the Sistine Chapel?
What was the name of the Roman road that stretched from Dover, Kent, almost to Shrewsbury, Shropshire, a distance of 322 km (200 miles)?
Which red dwarf star, approximately 4.2 light-years distant in the constellation of Centaurus is the nearest star to the Sun?
"What were the last words of Romeo in Shakespeare's ""Romeo and Juliet""?"
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"
The 2009 season of the Indian Premier League, a Twenty20 cricket competition initiated by the Board of Control for Cricket in India, was held where?
When did the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the bill of rights entrenched in Canadian law as part of the Constitution Act, come into force?
In 2008 government in Bhutan was changed from an absolute monarchy to what?
What, according to Greek legend, was built at Cnossos, Crete, by Daedalus?
Who was the first Englishman to lead an expedition to circumnavigate the earth by sea, and died of dysentery in the West Indies 16 years later?
What was the maiden name of Billie Jean King before she married Lawrence King in Long Beach, California on 17 September 1965?
Which of the actors who portrayed Dr Who, famous from the UK TV series of the same name, appeared almost exclusively on radio, film, written works, and comic strips?
When were the first Winter Paralympics held?
"Which US president was behind ""The Indian Removal Act"" of 1830, which paved the way for the reluctant and often forcible emigration of tens of thousands of American Indians to the West?"
Travelling up the St Lawrence River from its mouth, which is the first major city on its shores?
If you travel due south from Detroit, Michigan, what is the first country you reach?
Who was expelled from the Surrealist movement due to his views on the Spanish Civil War?
Who was Queen of France as the wife of Henry II (who reigned for 15 years from 1547) and remained the dominant person in France after his death during the reign of 3 of her 4 sons until 1589?
What country, after having governed it for 155 years, transferred its sovereignty of Hong Kong to China in 1997?
When the 1992 Maastricht Treaty established the European Union and led to a common currency in Europe, what was the currency called?
When did the Goa'uld first appear in the US/Canada TV series Stargate SG-1?
Who scored the most goals in the 2012/13 English Premier League season?
What would be most useful in playing a game of backgammon?
Who, in 1960, made international news for banging his shoe on a table in the UN?
"Which German was deprived of his nationality in 1938 mainly for writing ""All Quiet On The Western Front"" and ""The Road Back""?"
In October 2003, which cricketer, playing in a Test series against Zimbabwe, scored a record 380 not out?
What was invented in the 1940s by Percy Spencer, an American self-taught engineer from Howland, Maine, who was building magnetrons for radar sets?
The name of the city of Firenze in Italy is usually anglicised to what?
The oldest still operating national parliament in Europe governs which country?
"Who was King of England when Daniel Defoe published ""Robinson Crusoe"" and Jonathan Swift published ""Gulliver's Travels""?"
According to Greek legend, who was the muse of Music?
The London production of which play by acclaimed Australian playwright, David Williamson, won him the George Devine Award, the first time for a non-UK writer?
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?
In 2009 Artem Silchenko was first in the Red Bull World Series held at Antalya, Turkey & Sisikon, Switzerland in which sport?
What is the name of the scientific discipline that deals with the measurement and representation of the Earth, including its gravitational field, in a three-dimensional time-varying space?
Which college was founded by Henry VI in 1440?
In the books by A A Milne, what was Eeyore?
What complex of artificial biological environments near St Blazey and St Austell in Cornwall was opened to the public in 2001?
"""Alba"" is the Gaelic name for what?"
When was the current theme for the BBC television programme Top Gear first released on an album?
Which state in North America has the oldest known currently living tree, age confirmed, in the world?
How did US president William McKinley die in 1901?
In 2005, Dan Wheldon became the first British competitor to win what event in over 30 years?
What was the scene of the final defeat of the Jacobites under Charles Edward by forces under the command of the Duke of Cumberland on 16 April 1746?
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"
Who hosted the 2006 Academy Awards ceremony?
"Who played Vyvyan, a psychotic punk metal medical student with orange-dyed & spiked hair and four metal stars embedded in his forehead, in the UK TV series ""The Young Ones""?"
"The song ""I Could Be So Good For You"" was from which British TV series?"
What post was held by Winston Churchill during the 1926 General Strike in the UK?
"Who had a hit record in 1990 with ""U Can't Touch This""?"
To what office in the USA was Henry Kissinger appointed in 1973?
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?
With what is FIFA usually associated?
Michael Phelps who during the Summer Olympics 2012 brought his swimming medal total to a record 18 golds represents which country?
Which mythological lumberjack, usually believed to be a giant, was first documented in the work of US journalist James MacGillivray in 1910?
Which artist has a daughter and two sons with Jane Asher, whom he married in 1981?
James Esdaile, John Elliotson, Jean-Martin Charcot, Hippolyte Bernheim, Pierre Janet, mile Cou, Morton Prince, Clark L. Hull, Andrew Salter, Theodore R. Sarbin, Ernest Hilgard, Martin Theodore Orne, and Nicholas Spanos are associated with what?
Actress Brooke Shields was married to whom for 2 years from April 1997?
What is the name of Tony and Cherie Blair's daughter?
Which country shares a 530 km border with Saudi Arabia on the west, south, and southeast, a 450 km border with Oman on the southeast and northeast, and a smaller border with Qatar in the northwest?
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?
In June 2010, 8 highly endangered monkeys (4 cottontop tamarins and 4 pygmy marmosets) were stolen from the Symbio Wildlife Park in which country?
After the murder of his children's nanny, Sandra Rivett, Richard John Bingham disappeared on 8 November 1974, was presumed deceased on 11 December 1992 and declared legally dead in October 1999. By what name is he better known?
"In what country, between the 1950s and 1980, would one have found ""Rusticated Youth""?"
Who is the only US President who did not speak English as his first language?
What country changed its name to Burkina Faso?
What is the opposite side from starboard on a ship?
"John Wayne appeared as a centurion in the film ""The Greatest Story Ever Told"" (1965). What was his famous line?"
The Gunpowder Plot, by discontented Catholics including Guy Fawkes and Robert Catesby, was to blow up the British parliament as it was being opened by whom?
The islands called the Moluccas were previously known as what?
"Who ""was born in a cross-fire hurricane"" and ""howled at my ma in the driving rain""?"
A nectarine is a shiny-skinned variety of what?
When Sir Alex Ferguson retired in May 2013 after 26 years as manager for Manchester United Football Club who succeeded him ?
What is the name for a natural satellite that orbits a planet?
What is the name of a calculating machine that originally consisted of beans or stones moved in grooves in sand or on tablets of wood, stone, or metal?
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"
When was curling first played as a Winter Olympic sport?
If a chess player completes a move known as en passant, what pieces are involved?
Where is the Australian parliament based?
"What English model, with her short-haired androgynous look, born Lesley Hornby, was discovered in 1966 by Nigel Davies when she was 16 and weighed 6 stone (41 kg, 91 lbs), and became ""The Face of '66"" with her high fashion mod look created by Mary Quant?"
Which British TV comedy series of the 1970s and early 1980s (74 episodes) was co-created and co-written by and co-starred Tim Brooke-Taylor, Graeme Garden and Bill Oddie?
What information technology company was founded by Sergey Brin and Larry Page?
Whose alter ego is Sasha Fierce?
"In 1858 Rowland Macy established a new store named ""R. H. Macy & Company"", where it stayed on the same site for nearly forty years, in which city?"
The 2010 Six Nations Championship, the 11th series of an annual rugby union competition contested by the six major Northern Hemisphere rugby union national teams, was won by France. Which nation won it in 2009 and came second in 2010 and 2011?
What is an alternative name for members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints?
What is a mosquito-borne virus, also known as breakbone fever, that is an acute febrile disease which occurs widely in the tropics, in Asia, South America, Australia and the Pacific and is now endemic in more than 100 countries?
Which Spaniard, from 1518, overcame Montezuma, captured Mexico City and became Governor-General of much of Mexico?
Until the introduction of the euro, on 1 January 2002, which country had the schilling as its basic currency unit?
Which cricketer captained England to a record 54 test matches in 2001?
Christmas Island is administered by which country?
Which Christian festival is celebrated on 6 January, the 12th day after Christmas, to commemorate the coming of the Magi?
Lake Neuchatel is in which country?
Where is The Bridge of Sighs?
Which fashionable London thoroughfare, about three quarters of a mile (1.2 km) long, runs from Hyde Park Corner to Marble Arch, along the length of the eastern side of Hyde Park?
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?
A holiday on 25 March in Greece celebrates the final recognition of Greece as an independent nation following the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire. What year did this happen?
Sir Basil Spence is associated with what activity?
Who first identified and isolated nucleic acids, the precursor to identifying DNA?
Who is the next in this series: John L. Sullivan, James J. Corbett, Bob Fitzsimmons, James J. Jeffries, Marvin Hart, ... ?
A second referendum is due to be held for which commonwealth to decide whether, among other options, to become the 51st state of the USA?
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?
"Who was ""the maid of Orleans""?"
The world's first publicly subscribed passenger railway, the Stockton and Darlington, opened in England with steam engines when?
Which Soviet leader was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990?
Where is the European Court of Human Rights?
Bill Clinton is fairly fluent in which language other than English?
Of those currently independent, which country was the first to give (and not subsequently revoke) full voting rights country-wide to women?
"Which car company, in 1986, comissioned ""Cars"", a series of artworks to track the evolution of its designs, from Andy Warhol?"
What country in North Africa, bordered by Tunisia, Libya, Niger, Mali, Mauritania, Western Sahara, Morocco and the Mediterranean Sea, is the largest country on the Mediterranean, and the second largest on the African continent and in the Arab world?
Who was the first African American holder of the world heavyweight boxing title?
Which tree, native to Western Australia, has flowers that are used to make honey, and long, straight trunks which provide a deep rich reddish-brown, termite-resistant wood with an attractive grain?
From 1937 to 1942 Alan Lomax, who contributed more than 10,000 field recordings of folk music from the USA, the Caribbean, Ireland, Great Britain, Spain, and Italy, was Assistant in Charge of the Archive of Folk Song of what establishment?
"Which composer wrote ""Night and Day"", ""I Get a Kick out of You"", ""Well, Did You Evah!"" and ""I've Got You Under My Skin""?"
Antananarivo is the capital of which country?
"Dido was ""featured"" on the song ""Sam"", which was written and performed by whom?"
What is the maximum number of points that can be scored from a single shot in basketball?
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"
What are the topmost 7 vertebrae of the backbone called?
In the 18th century, the capital of Russia was moved from Moscow to where?
The language known as Putonghua, Guoyu, Gwok Yu and Huayu, is spoken in Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore and where else that it is the official language?
Damascus is the capital of which country?
"Which ""Bond girl"" met Ringo Starr when they starred in the 1981 film ""Caveman"", and later married him?"
Which English cricket captain had a well-publicised row with Pakistani umpire Shakoor Rana in Faisalabad in 1987?
"The score for the Broadway musical ""Kismet"" was adapted from the music of which composer?"
Under the Treaty of Breda (31 July 1667), negotiated to end the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the Dutch kept the colony of Suriname conquered from the English, and left the English with what area of land?
Lemony Snicket wrote which series of children's books?
"Who was known in the 1991 Gulf War as ""Stormin' Norman""?"
What was the name of the alliance of trading cities and their guilds, each with their own law system and with armies for mututal aid, that established and maintained a trade monopoly along the coast of Northern Europe, from the Baltic to the North Sea and inland, from the 13th to 17th centuries?
"The TV series ""Married... with Children"" was set in which city?"
What name is given to 2 distinct diseases, one of which is a condition due to deficiency of secretion of the pancreas, the other associated with diseases of the pituatary gland?
What was a demonstration sport at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, when the opening ceremony featured a mass demonstration of it, involving hundreds of adults and children?
George Cukor directed which 1964 film musical?
In which country were democratic elections held in May 1989, and though Guillermo Endara was elected president, the results were annulled by the existing government?
Which is the film, about canine reincarnation and the relationships between father and son and master and dog, based on an Alan Sharp adaptation of a short novel by Irish author Lord Dunsany?
What are Jimmy Reed, Skip James, Elmore James & Big Bill Broonzy best known as?
What ancient civilization was centred in the north of ancient Canaan, with its heartland along the coastal regions of modern day Lebanon, Syria and Israel?
Where was the first permanent European settlement established in North America?
What is the medical description of the loss of hair from the head or body, sometimes to the extent of baldness?
The Treaty of Kiel, between the UK, Sweden and Denmark-Norway was intended to ease hostilities relating to which war?
Who became the first king of the northern Israelite Kingdom of Israel after the revolt of the ten northern Israelite tribes against Rehoboam, who reigned for twenty-two years in the 900sBC?
What was the name of two tyrants who ruled Syracuse in the 2nd century BC?
How many decades are there in a millennium?
Between 1783 and 1865, Englishmen William Wilberforce, Sir Cecil Wray and Dr Beilby Porteus, Africans Olaudah Equiano and Ignatius Sancho and, in the USA, William Lloyd Garrison, John Greenleaf Whittier, Harriet Beecher Stowe, Frederick Douglass, Charles Henry Langston and John Mercer Langston were leading figures in which movement?
What London establishment was created in 1753 by Sir Harris Sloane?
In 2006, Stephen Harper became the Prime Minister of which country?
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"
Aberdeen is known as what?
Which country declared a state of emergency on 8 November 2005 as a result of prolonged rioting, allegedly provoked by the death of 2 teenagers?
"""M"", ""Luscious Pink"" and ""Forever"" are women's fragrances from Elizabeth Arden, endorsed by whom?"
On the Cartesian Plane where is the unit usually represented as i or j?
What is the nickname of the Australian national rugby union team?
John and David Lloyd represented Great Britain in the early 1970s at what sport?
A doping scandal in 2012 involving Lance Armstrong relates to which sport?
In 1657, who turned down the opportunity to become King of England?
Which western country was the first to extend the right to vote in national elections to women?
"Whose motto is ""Je Maintiendrai""?"
Argentina invaded UK's Falkland Islands, Israel invaded Southern Lebanon, Canada became officially independent of the UK, Leonid Brezhnev, leader of the USSR, died, all in what year?
Man Ray was famous in what field?
What is a reality TV show in which a group of people live in a large house watched by cameras, first broadcast in the Netherlands in 1999?
Torres Strait Islander Eddie Mabo became famous in Australian history for his role in campaigning for what?
Which ocean is closest to the capital of the USA?
In the middle ages, what were built in Canterbury, York, Lincoln, Salisbury, Lichfield and Winchester?
Since 1951, what is the maximum number of full consecutive terms to be filled by one US president?
What battle cry of Richard I at the Battle of Gisors in 1198 was adopted as the motto of the arms of England where, except for changes during the reigns of Elizabeth I, Anne and William III, it has been since 1340?
What is the name of the test cricket venue in Manchester, England?
What colour is lapis lazuli?
Which river flows through Cologne?
What is the name of 11 Roman Emperors, the first of which transferred the capital to Byzantium in 330 AD, and the last of which died when it was captured by the Turks in 1453?
What style of music is synonymous with Perez Prado?
Kylie Minogue played Charlene Robinson in what soap opera?
What name was given to a trooper in the Parliamentarian cavalry formed by Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War?
Angela Grisanti Vecchio, Stanley Zbornak, Clayton Hollingsworth and Salvadore Petrillo are characters in what US television series?
The Hapsburg dynasty originated in which country?
"Who has hosted the US series ""Power of 10"", ""Whose Line Is It Anyway?"" and ""The Price Is Right""?"
"In 1936, whose paper ""On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem"" proved that a machine could perform any conceivable mathematical computation if it were able to be represented as an algorithm?"
What name has been used on Irish postage stamps since 1922, and on all Irish coinage (including Irish euro coins), on passports and other official state documents issued since 1937?
What ore is the chief source of aluminium?
Who has been under house arrest for 15 of the past 21 years, and was released from the latest sentence on 13 November 2010?
Which city was the capital of Italy from 1865 to 1871?
"After he had directed ""Australia"", it was reported that Baz Luhrmann's next project was a film based on which book by F Scott Fitzgerald?"
Whose play about the Salem witch trials in the 17th century drew parallels to McCarthyism in the 1950s?
Which previously independent country, an archipelago in the Indian Ocean, 2550 km (1530 miles) off the coast of Africa, united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania in 1964?
Who, after marrying in 1791, and living in Naples, became the mistress of Lord Nelson, having his child, Horatia, in 1803?
In beach volleyball and indoor volleyball, what is the maximum number of contacts that a team can have with the ball before it crosses the net?
Which US TV series is set in the Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital?
Which of Queen Elizabeth's children is the lowest in succession to (i.e. furthest away from) the throne?
The Wimbledon tennis tournament is held at which tennis club in London?