Tears For Fears formed in 1981, some of their popular songs are Everybody Wants to Rule the World and Head Over Heels. You should really check them out.
Rap is popular worldwide especially in Europe. I dont know too many non UK rappers though.
Oh, luxury. It's an Italian sports car manufacturer in Maranello.
in the case with europe, the number has evolved to look like the number gylph of one
I like baking too! My favorite thing to bake is brownies.
yea Target Corporation does very well for them selves as a store and retailer
It can be done professionally by a hair dresser or at home
I listen to a bit of Christian music, but I don't really like the genre of Gospel music. I prefer Christian music with a more popular genre.
I have red hair so it was easy to die it blond. I think the hue works well with the color red.
Ive never seen one up close. I know theyre mostly found in warm, subtropic waters.
It certainly is, and red comes in many different shades as well. There's crimson, scarlet, vermillion, and burgundy. So there's variety!
Yes, it is impressive. It has really taken off since the 1990s, the number of people doing it in Japan and the Western world has risen rapidly.
They company's musical origins are so influential to the company that their logo is three interlocking tuning forks
Yeah i agree !  Another fact is that hair styling can be done on facial or body hair
It's fatigue that is not due to strenuous exertion and rest doesn't really provide much relief. It's not due to a previous medical condition, so its cause remains somewhat of a mystery.
I'll have to try it out some time soon. There are 310 different forms of pasta to taste. I've tried maybe 5 or 6.. I'm way behind schedule!
You could say so, however, results have surfaced that definitely tend to contradict the reliability of wine tasting.  Blind testing has identified many inconsistencies.
Yes, an auto mechanics course!
My doctor said changes to diet and exercising are the main treatments.So we are going to try really hard.
Definitely! Purple is associated with royalty, mystery, piety and mystery.
I had some back pain once and it shot into my arms and hands, I actually went to a chiropractor and she bent me back into shape and the pain was gone.
They say one can get that color in mars because of  iron oxide
Fruits, veggies & protein and your body should be able to function efficiently and resist certain diseases
Ferrari built their first car in 1940 - so they've been on the market quite a while - what kind of cars do you see in your town?
originaly topic maps
That's interesting. Red pigment use goes back quite a bit - it's one of the first colors found in prehistoric art.
The main reasons people color their hair is to cover gray or white hair but now people just like to be creative
Gouda cheese of course, the name is used by most people producing similar product, they leveraging on the popularity of the name
I would love to hear one of his 2 Sun Record recordings that did not survive.  There could have been a hit we never heard!!
They are rated as the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance in 2014, so even the newer ones must pack a punch!
yep its cool when bakers own their own bakery
I love macaroni and cheese. It's been my favorite since I was a kid. Have you tried other pastas?
I agree, I think its because its at the end of the visible spectrum of light
it is very expensive unfortunately, that's why i had to quit my teaching job when i had my baby. that's why usually children are taken care of by parents
I would imagine! It's super ethnically and culturally diverse, all sorts of people live there!
Elvis Presley is probably the most famous, surely you've heard of him. He's the King of Rock And Roll
Yes it is, Modern, professional wine tasters (such as sommeliers or buyers for retailers) use a constantly evolving specialized terminology which is used to describe the range of perceived flavors,
It's pretty crazy that dog bakeries actually exist. They even make treats for dogs with allergies, dietary needs or bad breath! I think they definitely eat better than me!
It depends on how fast you can learn the languages such as  COBOL, C, C++, C#, Java, Lisp, Python, etc
It definitely can be hard because people are so attached to food sometimes, and there's also a large mental component to it like in bulimia or binge eating disorder.
Yes, even Roman generals even colored their bodies in red to celebrate victories!
I totally agree with you. The child's behavior, and is often as simple as "keeping an eye out" for younger siblings.
Oh that is the sensory evaluation of wine, I enjoy it a bit
yea bakers are great at cooking food like pastries and bread products
I want to say since about 1939 and the car was first built in 1940 what color's do you have?
I love red. All the the shades from red crimson to red burgundy are so pretty!
I have never colored my hair, i do not want to change my hair color
Yes, colors are a main part of how we judge the emotion of things as well. The Egyptians and Mayans also coloured their faces red in ceremonies. Even Roman generals had their bodies colored red to celebrate victory
They made the a rock n roll genre a  popular music that originated and evolved in the United States
Neat! Orange is nice! Color even influences perceptions such as the taste of food!
Yeah they are usually amateur performers.
I'm not sure but the Yoruba people have the highest twin rate in the world possibly because they eat a yam that contains a natural phytoestrogen
Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer
the sum of all the numbers on the roulette wheel is 666. That is interesting.
Yeah even though music in the US is so multi-ethnic. It was influenced by West African, Irish, Scottish and of course European among many others.
I really love it, I usually go get it done professionally by a hairdresser. I have had disasters at home trying to do it myself!
The Cham and Khmer glyph for 7 also made their number look like a one, but so different so they were not confused.
It has been suggested that cognitive behavioral therapy and gradual increase in exercise could help in some cases so I'm going to try that for now.
I really enjoy making Mexican breads.
i too like fresh pasta, just can't make it
Ah yes. Red, the color of Iron and of Mars. But more importantly, the color of Scuderia Ferrari! Corsa Rossa!
Well you can always have it done by a professionally hairdresser or at home by someone else who has done it before.
It's fire engine red! Ferrari was actually named the most powerful brand in 2014.
They have certainly always seemed to have a better reputation, considering all the protest from small-town advocates, labor unions, and the like.
I have always been interested in the role of a baker and bakery  their work and it's historical significance.
Also obesity can obstruct your sleep.
Since the Jazz Age of the 19major form of music20's jazz has been recognized as a
What I like about red is that it has dominant wavelength. Blue mainly indicates calmness and rest
I'm not sure about the specific wavelength of red. The Greek letter lambda is used as a symbol for wavelength.
Awesome! Did you also know that Mars is red because of iron oxide?
Oh!  you could perhaps move away from Europe and North America and move to, say Japan where it is way less common.  You'd stand out more!
More so ,The western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character
I love the dolphins the whole marine and oceanarium at the theme park is not only educational but very fun for kids even us adults lol.
It can vary but it's approximately 625-740 nanometers n width. It's very wide!
its a natural number preceding 8 and following 6
I have seen quite a few. Non related look alikes that aren't twins are called doppelgangers. I have a few of them,
Not really, especially since i don't exercise and am not physicqally fit.  I am starting to detect a twitter bot in the room.  I do know that Arnold Schwarzenegger was a bodybuilder and former Mr. Atlas.
JAZZ IS SEEN BY MANY AS AMERICA'S CLASSICAL MUSIC
good for you! Stay sober, my friend! because someone who abstains from alcohol but wants to start drinking again isn't truly sober
I am going to check him out on you tube are you into country music I do like some good southern country music.
Yes . I like the ranges of red also. Scarlet has some yellow in it and I like the paler reds and the burgundy's also
Me too! It began in 1970, making it one of the oldest Comic-Cons.
I'm jealous, that sounds fun!  It's one of the most established stand-up clubs in the U.S.
Color can also interestingly influence things like the taste of food!
Overeating food in excess is quite disgusting but so many people dont stop their kids
Do you remember Tracey Ullman? She was funny also. I didn't know she had a brief singing career
I am sure you can find something very tasty at the bakery. There will be baked goods prepared by a baker.
yeah and  On average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than a healthy person
Probably all the exclusives.  The name, as given on its website, is Comic-Con International: San Diego; but it is commonly known simply as Comic-Con
Kenny G.. jAZZ HAS SPREAD AROUND THE WORLD
Yes! Jazz is truly America's classical music. Have any other favorite jazz singers.
the khmer often added a line above the glyph
Me too! Bread is baked the most, and I like to make yeast bread.
I actually know that! That would be a dominant wavelength of 625 to 740 nanometres!
drake the singer and rapper? no i havent hear it
Why is six afraid of seven? because seven eight nine...wow, that's a classic.
Yes! Specifically I love swing and blues notes. Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett are great.
Yeah, I like a lot of sports cars and Ferraris are some of my favorites. They built their first car in 1940, so they're relatively old.
Jazz is considered to be "American's classical music" to some. In New Orleans is where it originated.
Hair coloring is also known as hair dyeing , is the practice of changing the hair color.
I'm using the Paleolithic diet (which is also known as the caveman diet).  Very lean and clean.
Well I am sure with the industrialization of baking, they hire fewer people and use machines in huge factories
I bake cakes also and bread using grainthe fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed ovens heated by wood
Hi! Yes I love the red sky at sunset from Rayleigh scattering! I also love the grand canyon red. Do you?
Brown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair, my hair is also brown but on the lighter side. some parts of my hair change to blonde in the summer.
Yes. There are a large number of variants of traditional dishes too. Like lasagna, for example.
I think if I get tired of coloring I'd prefer to be clean shaven and leave only just a mustache but the whole hair on the head shaven
I never knew it made a difference in the summer I eat them anytime, thousands of years ago they was grown in Asia and Europe year round though.
I think that's a fair and respectable attitude to have. You certainly can't deny his success, having sold over 35 million albums worldwide after all.
Red is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange, it is actually a very interesting color
I'm caucasian so this hair color is common in my ethnic group
production of alcoholic drinks is common and often reflects cultural and religious peculiarities as much as geographical and sociological conditions.
I like the band pink, they started in 1998, after choice disbanded
yes it is, it is also an important color in China used on the gates and walls of palaces
I don't know a great deal about Drake but was surprised to see he gained his start as an actor on a teen drama series in the 2000s. lol
Its an honourable profession. To bake and sometimes sells bread
I thinks most popular in New Orleans because that where it originated.
Maybe the Mars Exploration Rovers would have had more success if they were driven by Ancient Egyptians and Mayans.
of course, they can also be general practicioner and be  responsibility for the provision of continuing and comprehensive medical care to individuals, families, and communities
Oh well, bread is bread. Let me tell you the process heat is transfered to surface of dough and it gradually moves to the center and other parts before you say jack, bread is ready.
I lost 160 pounds! Its mainly down to the amount of physical activity I did.
Any wine of your choice can be used.  is the sensory examination and evaluation of wine.
Yeah I often listen to an oldies radio station that plays mostly classic rock from he 1950's - 1970's.
Well I disagree slightly, since metabolism is such a small factor compared to excessive food intake or lack of physical activity.
Founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939.  They also manufacture Fiats, which are more in my price range.
It's a shame that a few bad apples tried to ruin clowns for everyone! Clowns have been around since the early 1800s and I'm sure back then they weren't trying to terrify people!
I really enjoy baking bread.
Brown hair is a very common hair color.  Is your hair long?
My twins are 2 years old. It is interesting to be able to see how genetics play more of a role than environmental factors
blond" is first documented in English in 1481 and derives from Old French "blund, blont", meaning "a colour midway between golden
Yes It is, but when it is done professionally by hairdresser it can damage less
Yep - approximately 380-450 nanometers.  Red has so many variations also, from yellow tinged to bluish-red to red pink and even burgunday.
Yes. There are 2 types of pasta as well. Dried and fresh. I definitely prefer fresh.
I only know they are found in the subtropics. I would assume places like Australia or wherever they can feed on zooplankton.
the condition of not having effects from alcohol. It is the state of being sober.
Red was an important color in China. They used it to color pottery and also the walls and gates of palaces.
Very true, that is why I think it is best when parents or or legal guardians take care of their children, because they are they only ones that love the children
Neat! I think baking cookies is great because the heat is gradually transferred to the centre of the cookie.
It originated in New Orleans, specifically in the African-American communities
even in cultures there are a lot of subcultures, most hindus speak hindi but bengali hindus speak bengali
Are you on medication such as rintatolimod?
Avenged Sevenfold's style changed by the third album.
i have tried to make it using flour and eggs, it always turns out dough
It seriously is. I think us humans can addicted to anything, but that's my opinion. Over eating also causes addictive behaviors. I personally need self discipline, it would benefit my family too
Nice, a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests, you can get lucky and see someone famous too!
Well it seems there are two different main types. One of them is very large and the other decently small.
No not a remedy.  It's just a pigmentation color given to the hair.  Mainly for style preference.
It is one of the most famous, established stand up comedy clubs in the United States in Times Square in New york city
I don't have anyone specific. But I enjoy the classic sound from the 1920s Jazz Age. It was one of the genres most prominent times.
I did it at home. The results always worked great and I think salons are way overpriced. I did my own hair coloring.
Sangre Grande is one of his hit singles, and adds a tinge of Indian descent music!
I'm not sure but if i had to take a guess i would say that in europe, most definitely but in the middle east, i would doubt it very much. The cool thing about brown hair is it varies from lght brown to almost black hair(mine is almost black that you kinda cant tell if its black or not)
Either use cognitive behavioral therapy, or start exercising more.  Or both.
He played in Daredevil, too.  I much preferred Jenifer Garner as Elektra.
It is where a person stops breathing for a time while they sleep. Obesity is caused by factors such as overeating, no exercise and genetics.
There are large numbers of pasta variants. I like pancetta and parsnips in my pasta best!
Yes I taught it to primary kids mostly.
Certainly, like Jazz fusion which incorporates Jazz, Funk, rock and blues. It was developed in the 1960s.
For sure! I bet you didn't know it started in New Orleans in the late 19th century!
Yes it was, based in Maranello.
Its not too old but the Jazz Age was in the 1920's. That's when it really started to be seen as a big form of musical expression.  I would start with some smooth Jazz to get used to it. Its easy listening.
Florence is a beautiful city, I went ther two summers ago. For example though back to the point, cavatelli is known by 26 different names depending on the region.
It has, but then I wind up eating excessive food intake and lack of physical activity and i end up back where i was
Yes i do currently .  Another fact is that salons have been around since the early 1940s
Do it! Glee is also on Netflix, Highly recommend checking that one out too! It's about a high school glee club.
In Rome, a few centuries later, the first mass production of breads was done, and that's when they said the bakery profession really got started.
Yes it's been a great motivation for me, it made me want to exercise but  I am too lazy.
Yeah, so jazz has some traits of ragtime music, but jazz is characterized by its swing, response vocals, and improvisation!
Well it has emerged as a form of independent and traditional music styles. It's linked by bonds between Africans and European-Americans.
Its a  is a cult Quebec comic book series featuring FBI’s crazed rogue agent, Steve “Red” Ketchup.
That is interesting. There was a study that was done in Copenhagen that showed 18% of men dye their hair.
Actually back in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Well im not a statistician,but People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height, is over , with the range
Im am baker, A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads
Yes.  They say the trend is attributed to fasion designer Jean-Paul Gaultier's  2011 fashion show
Like how the FDA or Department of Heakth of the United States regulate food. Yes.
Yep, healthy eating is crucial. An unhealthy diet can cause diseases such as blindness, anemia, or health-threatening conditions.
Earl Fuller was an early jazz bandleader - he's pretty famous!
Have you ever heard of "Dog's bread"? it is made out of bran.
As a chemist I believe if food addiction. Many individuals, food can become as addictive as drugs are to a substance abuser.
The Ghubar Arabs' made the longer line diagonal over stragiht.
Yes, me too. I've loved going to Norwich Market in Norwich here in England.
Not sure but they go back to at least the 1800s when Joseph Grimaldi became the first mainstream clown
It's a Dreamworks Animation in 2013 as the voice of Smoove Move the snail, lol.
It is one of the oldest recorded cheeses still made today, from 1184, people were mentioning Gouda Cheese~
Just give me any staple food prepared from a dough of flour and water and get it baked. I will love it
I never even thought of that, very true. It's also the most dominant wavelength.
Yeah! Numbers in this system are represented by combinations of letters .its a Latin alphabet
Yes! Ferrari is a company based in Maranello, Italy
Of course yes they need to know if the person is sober or  in a state of sobriety
yes me too, hair coloring can be done at home or by a professional, do you do yours at home?
The International Dairy Deli Bakery Association is the reason why I am familiar with deli bakery. Good for your friend to have worked there
I do like red! It is actually at the end of the visible spectrum of light.
Well, I figured if I don't want gray hair I might as well be bold.
Well it has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 1920s
I haven't, because I thought it was Olympic weightlifting?  I'm more of a Zumba gal.
Yes and the negative health effects can include mortality
yes there are different types such as the reef mata ray and black manta ray
I know right, hair coloring in the US has reached $1.9 billion dollars in 2011 and is actually expected to raise to $2.2 billion by 2020. .
Very nice friend! Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand recently. Everyone knows the Ferrari brand.
It is unknown what causes it. Evidence suggests that cognitive behavioral therapy and a gradual increase in activity
no I have not seen that. but it  is mentioned as early as 1623 in a play by Lope de Vega
That's a good point! They do always show black or brown! Believe it or not, 75% of all women claim to have dyed their hair at least once. Surely they used some other colors!
Yes the best selling console to date, reaching over 155 million units sold as of 2012!
The best way to prevent or combat it is through a combination of social changes and personal choices like eating less and exercising more.
I really love a good chocolate cake or chocolate chip cookie, with a homemade touch!
I see, so have you ever listen to the English rock band from London, King Crimson?
Well, purple is an intermediate color between blue and red.
Jazz originated in the late 19th century
Yes, it's easiest to buy it already made. I usually buy dry pasta, which is called pasta secca in Italian
There is a lot. It all started in New Orleans from the African American communities.
Yes! Before the industrial revolution, people thought of fitness as the ability to get through the day's activities and survive! lol
Of course it is, Gouda cheese  have been in existence since  1184
I dont know a lot about the application process but henna is a natural dye, also used to dye fabrics like silk and wool, so it must be gentle
That's true. I know when someone is obese they have so much extra weight it can be really dangerous for their health.
He founded it in 1939, but they built their first car in 1940
it is the parish seat of east baton rouge so maybe a part of it connects to water maybe?
Yes that is very true. I have read that Day Care can actually refer to daytime care for disabled or elderly people in the UK. I think this is positive.
It originated from the African-American community.
I lived there for a while.  It is a great country with a temperate climate
Well clowns have been around since we hand kings and monarchy, powerful people like being entertained. But there is such a wide variety of costumes and performance.
Yes. Do you know that People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette,
I like the numebr 8 since it can be any number if adjusted on a calculator
I would like to see a game based on other apocalyptic events, like Ragnarok or a cybernetic revolt.
I'm sure it is, but people are starting to see that behavioral therapy and a slow increase in activity can help counteract the effects.
I love The Beatles! Rock and roll did not acquire its name until 1954.
I'm wasting a lot of energy trying to move with my increased body mass. Nothing is easy for me.
He was an American communications magnate. In 1969 Fiat acquired 50% of Ferrari and now own 90%.
Chili peppers came from Mexico.
Yes! Have you ever tried combining grilling and baking?
Sarah Vaughan was great in from 1924-1990
maybe, i have observed that brown hair is common in the western world
I did see it!  Ben Affleck was not my favorite choice for Batman but Jesse Eisenberg played a great Lex Luther.
Yamaha is cool too, I just looked them up and they've been in business since 1955.  They make all kinds of other stuff too, sailboats, water craft, snowmobiles, all kinds of stuff.  I've been riding for about 5 years.  What about you?
Pretty big actually, He's actually sold over 23 million albums in the US alone and 35 million albums worldwide.
yea and there is no cure with treatment being symptomatic
yep one day i hope to own a ferrari sports car
Of course.It is sad to se people obese but seeing childre break my heart.This might be the reason why obese children are usually called overweight
Are you more of an engineer in your career than a computer programmer?
The Iron oxide also gives the red color to the planet Mars
Yeah, it would be that.  It's probably one of his defining characteristics :P
Yes, child care providers are our childrens first teacher, if you think about it..besides us as the paremts.
Fettuccina is a type of pasta popular in Tuscan cousine. The shape is flatter than spaghetti.
Red Is mine like I said earlier.Violet is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light
You are welcome!Modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined at its right to a line going down to the bottom corner, 7 also depicts some religious importance
YES.ITS DEVELOPED FROM ROOTS IN BLUES AND RAGTIME
There's lots to see there, besides the falls.  There's observation towers, high-rise hotels, souvenir shops, casinos and theatres.  I love the casino!
Yeah Ferrari is my favorite sports car manufacturer in Maranello
You don't have to worry about cross contamination lol commercial dairy farms are typically one-species enterprises.
Maranello is a little town in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy, about 18 km from Modena, the population here is 17,165 as of 2013.
Yeah, another fact is that for the khmer this involved adding a horizontal line above the glyph
Or desire, as it happens. Research suggests hetero men believe that women who wear red are much more attractive than otherwise.
Well red pigmant was one of the first colors used in prehistoric arts.
I have no idea :) Informal tasting use much less analytical process
Yes of course. My dog health issue is a concern for me because Infectious diseases that affect dogs are important not only from a veterinary standpoint, but also because of the risk to public health
I know, but i'm scared I might already have cardiovascular disease or diabetes.
Well, if you try vegetarianism, I prefer the ovo-lacto version which allows both eggs and dairy.
It does - you are smart!  The wavelength is 625-740 nanometres!
Well it's origins are derived from the rhythm and blues music of the 1940s.
Oh cool! I have to tell my friend that. It is interesting to learn that dog biscuits date back to the early roman times. It was made of bran.
Well for one its one of the most established, famous, and recognized stand-up comedy clubs in the US
Yeah its diagnosed using a person's symptoms like most conditions.
Sounds good.  If I get too scared watching a movie about a real life killer clown, I may have to pop on the Simpsons and watch a bit of Krusty.  Matt Groening did a great job when he created that character for the show!
Forza is just Microsoft's answer to Playstation's Gran Turismo game.
They won the category of the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Awards.
Brown hair is the second most common behind black hair.
Well, the reason that Mars is red is because of the iron oxide on it. That's pretty cool!
Congratulations! Achieving your goal of not consuming alcohol is not easy, but you did it!
Jazz is great because as its spread around the world, its drawn on many regional musical cultures and birthed different music styles.
It's crazy how colors can influence perceptions that aren't obvious, like the taste of food.
I guess I'll have to use it when my hair is turning gray or white.
I just ask because I care, are you taking care of yourself with good eating habits too? You need proper nutrition if you do moderate-vigorous activities.
I think cookies are a good choice, Just go with the basic ingredients like flour, sugar and some kinda oil.
Sometimes people are considered obese when their BMI is in the range of being overweight. BMI is known as body mass index.
Exactly, it can cause diabetic nephropathy, your nerves basically eat themselves.
That sounds fun! You're responsible for the duties that involve the train operation?
I understand. It's really amazing how heat can make such delicious cakes, breads and cookies!
Yeah but the Siege of Buda 1849 was a bloodbath, think about how much muscle mass was LOST in that battle!
Today, fitness is defined as the state of "being fit" as to whatever that means! lol  I don't think I fit that category! lol
Woah, that sounds really unique! So is she considered a brunette?
The art of baking is a fundamental skill.
Well it's mainly divided into 2 categories, dried pasta and fresh pasta. I prefer fresh myself.
I wouldn't imagine it is too difficult since bread is prepared from a dough of flour and water.
You like them or your dog does?  LOL.  Lap dogs were some of the earliest human companions.  Can you imagine a pekinese sitting on a cave man's lap.  LOFL
I do whatever keeps my body in shape. Fitness is known as the quality of being fit and being in that state of mind.
I know they are found in warm temperature such as subtropical and tropical water!
That makes sense, it has dominant wavelengths which makes it easier to see
Yes, after WW2 the president repurposed their wartime production machine to make motorcycles
Hey nothing wrong with that! I drive a Prius, gave up on my Infiniti and BMW a long time ago when the branding of the car caused them to be broken into multiple times. Toyota is known for their hybrid cars and their reliability of all theirs cars!
You must not be a female.. lol I mean brown varies from light to dark, but I prefer blonde
I have no desire, that's for sure. There was a time I liked films like that. And really, The Shining was a masterpiece with King as author and Kubrick as director! Have you seen it?
I do actually. Red has a dominant wavelength of 625-740 nonometres.
Chinese celebrate the color color too
It's big business. In America alone hair dye is a 2.2 billion dollar business.
I know that Ferrari didn't start producing sports cars until 1947, 18 years after the Scuderia Ferrari racing team was formed!
he has sold over 23 million albums in the us and 25 million worldwide. that is freaking impressive
I believe they are very close together on the Canadian/US border. They dump six million cubic feet of water per minute.
I don't really but since grains have been a staple food of humanity for millennia it is a very old activity, I should really learn.
That's...true. Don't think they had many laser pointers back then though. I'm excited that we may be going to Mars, the red planet, soon!
The  country singer from Australia stan coster never sang about roller coasters. I do not enjoy them, but surely they are nt faster than cars?
Oh yes, especially since they have such a rich history in the African-American communities!
Lol,  His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut, "Deep Cover
They have a pretty rich history. These comic performers often use slapstick methods for laughs
So is iron oxide, which gives Mars its red color.
I am a fan of rock music too so i like Petra as one of the pioneer of the Christian rock
Well there are 310 specific forms  of pasta !
I also make sure I get sufficient rest.
overeating is so bad, eating too much excess food is bad
Yep and the company still has its origins in manufacturing music instruments with their triple tuning fork logo
It's not that I don't feel comfortable -- I just sometimes want to do something *different*. It's super common, obviously, in the Western world -- but variety can be fun.
I would say blonde or fair hair! everyone want to sport it that way!
Jazz truly is 'America's classical music'.
hehe the reason why for me i would say that i did it because i want to be like Lucifer from Supernatural drama, if you have seen it
Tomato sauce is used a lot in pasta, that's true, and also with meat and veggies. I don't like it much either.
Yes, I use to be be in Physical education.
Well, I guess it could be! It's considered lucky for some people.
Don't  really know,  but I know that  In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film "Murder Was the Case"
It must be hard to resist the temptation of eating all your creations! Do you ever put stuff like fresh fruit or nuts in your cakes?
Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans it is also my favorite music genre
well, it's a dominant trait, so I guess it's pretty common
Not sure? The hindus in the beginning wrote 7 in one stroke as a curve
I think it's a little better than at other retailers. I know Walmart has gotten a lot of flak for racial and gender discrimination, but I don't hear anything like that about Target.
I imagine is fresh pasta is much better than dried pasta.  How do you make it?
They are natural  dyes natural dyes are vegetable dyes from plant sources—roots, berries, bark, leaves, and wood—and other biological sources.
I do have brown hair, but it's almost black. Brown hair is the second most common hair of all the coors actually.
Yeah hair dyeing is pretty popular. I like having blonde hair so I haven't changed it.
Yea know he with the record company call no limits
It's true! Cultures like the ancient Egyptians and Mayans colored there face red in ceremonies. I've even read that our vision has evolved to pay particular attention to red.
Actually, I get a lot of compliments.  It's a deep purple that only really stands out in the sun.  Today hair coloring is very popular.
I have been doing it as an entertainment style for 15 years now.
Ferrari was actually branded as the worlds most powerful in 2014.
In North America, tortillas are made from ground corn.
Of course, I have some white hair as well, I usually do it at home with the help of my loving wife and sometimes through the services of a professional at a salon
That's a great question. I don't think so! I just read that in N. America, the rate of a twin birth is 9-16 twin sets per 1,000 births.  That seems like a lot!
I would agree! It can be prevented by making changes in social and personal choices. We love our fast food in America! lol
Agreed, it is also a primary color.
They are! Though now they are owned 90% by Fiat
I think they all taste the same as dried pasta goes.  what about you?
Ill still hear old Snoop Dogg on some. Snoop Dogg also helps produce, write songs, and has done some acting.
Indeed. I am also curious about Magneto from X-Men. He also seems to be powerful with metal control ability
They really do! So, it's no wonder in 2014 Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand!
Well you were talking about it without realizing it when you mentioned red, some men even report that red outfits enhance female attractiveness!
Yep, water flour and eggs are the essentials to fresh pasta.
The Hindus used to write the number 7 so it would look like a J vertically inverted.
Yeah clowns are hilarious comic performers often make good mimes, if they are good.
To be honest, im not sure but I can tell you that making bread  or baking is not different from barbecuing
Well, they are two offspring produced by the same pregancy - kinda like a 2 for 1 sale!
Because they needed to devote all their time to the household. Even the highest-ranking workers, like butlers, could be dismissed if they married.
That's an interesting tidbit. The modern clown is closely tied with the circus clown, which grew out of earlier theatrical performances
Many say that Jazz is America's classical music
oh, Maybe onec you know the history you might give it a try. Jazz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 20's.
Do you know about Eminem and his sixth studio album Relapse? He struggles with sobriety.
It's music that is characterized by it's "ragged" rhythm. Jazz though is known as "America's classical music", which is really cool to me.
I dont have a motor cycle, but I do love them especially a Harley Davidson the American Made cycle
They eat a large amount of zooplankton as they swim
Of course! Sometimes there are non-related people who look very similar. These people are referred to as doppelgangers. Do you have a doppelganger?
I guess that depends on where you're from. Long hair is a concet thaat varies culturally.
Alot across the USA but I like John Hopkins University for it. Also, know that degrees and other qualifications vary widely, but there are some common elements, such as medical ethics
Do you play Roulette? Roulette on French mean "little wheel".
Yes that is another way to put it, There was actually a test with this theory, heterosexual men tended to report that red outfits enhance a females attractiveness, while heterosexual females denied any outfit color impacting that of men.
WHen you strength train the right way, it can improve your health, bone muscle, and ligament strength.
Red is interesting, it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light, it's next to orange and opposite to violet.
One of my favorite pasta dishes is just standard meat sauce and angel hair pasta.
Not 100% sure on that, either but Brand Finance rated the car the worlds most powerful car in 2014. That is awesome and I think I need a Ferrari. lol
It does, but it's not well documented. The earliest use of the term "gospel song" was first published in 1874.
Ha! Well I have NO idea why....I mean all that creepy makeup, painted on smile, leering voice.....so did you watch "IT", the most recent version of Stephen King's novel?!
No, microwaves are lower on the spectrum with wavelengths between 1 meter to 1 mm
There are, it varies from light brown to almost black. Mine is closer to almost black so it makes it hard for me to change my color up without bleaching it.
I use Tresemme. How about you? Do you dye your hair with hair coloring?
Mine too. I guess we are both what they consider brunettes then, which is a french word.
there is no specific color but almost everyone does it to cover gray or white hair for the most part
I am obese myself and have abdominal obesity for sure, so yes it it my business.
Definitely! It involves a lot of baking and boiling, especially with pasta involved.
I like this one. I have tried vegetarianism because I am Indian, but felt like my body really needed meat!
Same, but it takes a lot of heat and like hot ashes or stones.
Yes, I make it myself! You mix 1 egg per 1 cup of flour for the dough, then slice for delicious fresh noodles!
Neat! I have never heard Anita Baker, but I know that her career spanned 1983-2002
I dunno, I think Batman was pretty good
well in a treatment setting, sobriety is achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol.
Yes,I love cookies; probably a bit too much.  I will usually just let a baker do the specialty breads for me.  But I like to bake cookies too.  What are you favorite cookies to bake/?  Or what varieties of cookies do you bake/?
It is beautiful. It's color range goes from yellow-tinged scarlet to bluish-red scarlet. It can also range from pale red pink to burgundy.
I have never been to Comic-Con. I understand it hosts both entertainment and comic genre.
I usually take a hot shower in the morning in order to bathe myself and warm up. What about you, do you usually take your showers at morning or night?
I have black hair, too! It's probably because it's the most common of all human hair colors across the entire globe. We're just a part of larger populations that have this dominant trait!
Adelaide Hall was a great one she was jazz singer and entertainer.
Not quite, but they will be very soon. They have a very slow reproductive rate so it takes awile for new ones to be had.
Well, the actual first Target opened in Minnesota in 1962, but the parent company was renamed Dayton Corporation in 1967. It's been a process!
Interesting! They were both fertilized by a different sperm cell in this case. Do you know much about human biology?
If spending is anything to go by, yes they do. In 2014 UMass research expenditures were over $200 million!
You know the practice of wine tasting is as old as the practice of wine making
The color is due to pigment eumelamin, the more eumelamin there is, the color will be darker.
Now that I think about it my favorite might be purple, right in between red and blue, dark purple seems elite to me
I'm not from the UK, I just really love cheese, so I know stuff like Cheddar is named for the village of Cheddar.
Oh really, do you prefer dried or fresh pasta? Ive always liked fresh when i can get it.
It really is!  My kitchen is actually red - it's at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange and opposite violet.
i have heard they are known for the dessert wine Vin Santo, which is made from local grapes
Seven is the number after 6 but before 8.
I can't remember, but that thing had a Tipo v12 engine in it!
Yea jazz music with a good saxophone is great
The most common baked item is bread across the world
Yes! i really love pizza too! when i was in India i just realized there were not too many pizzerias and learn that pizza is an emerging fast food in indian urban areas
yea the fatigue is not due to strenous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest, and is not due to previous medical condition
Straight men tend to like red outfits, while straight females do not agree
It's actually a primary color for the RGB and CMYK color model.
I'm not sure actually but I know it's a lot. Comic Con International also hosts two other conventions called WonderCon and the Alternative Press Expo.
I love underwater sports. Scuba-diving is my favorite. There is something so magical about being able to descend below the water's surface to interact with the environment.
That means you may not have experienced Sobriety  before which is a form of  not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.
They have been around for years they was first founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari.
Well on a personal level there is diet in exercise, but you could also support organizations like The Biggest Loser
The "Godfather of Soul". James Brown.
Well he has his utility belt with the variety of gadgets at his disposal.
She is still being praised by music critics? I didn't know she was still preforming in any way. Learn something new every day
i believe you're right, theres an entire section in the harley davidson museum which goes over those rules. haha. I try to get out as often as i can, work tends to scupper that though
Awesome, I wonder what it will be like if there was no red in the rainbow or there is no red sky at sunset :)
Since 1974, Comic-Con has bestowed its annual Inkpot Award on guests and persons. Its quite cool if you receive one.
yes and Horace is actually an English Art historian, a man of letters and a antiquarian
Oh yeah at one place we left because he was being abused.   I sometimes just turn to extended family such as my mother, mother and law, sister if I'm lucky.  Sheesh it's just so frustrating.
Spain jumped into the dog treat trend back in 1623. They called treats, pan de perro, which translates also to dog's bread. People have been pampering their pets for ages!
I would also add that it is a huge industry. In the U.S> home coloring revenue reached 1.9 billion
Yes color psychology is very interesting.  Stimulant pills are usually colored red or orange for example
I am not sure but they did have a massive security breach sometime ago
Red has a dominant wavelenght of approximately 625-740 nanometers
Brown hair is common among populations in the Western world. So because of that I know lost of people with brown hair.
Modern taste testers (the professional ones) use specialized terminology for the range of aromas, flavors, and characteristics as well
Red is a primary color
Oh yes, it was even founded as the Golden state comic book convention
The red in the sky at sunset results from Rayleigh Scattering
Quite a lot!  It's actually the second most common hair color.  Second to black hair of course.
Of course yes. Who should not like the achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol.
I think Target is fun place to shop but oh my gosh there was a big publicized security breach of credit card data people were so mad
It will change your life. Any company that can make it through periods of poor economic health and product quality, as well as intense global competition know how to make a product that will rock your socks off.
I'm not sure but i think it's usually longer than others.  It would interest you to know that  the role of the physician and the meaning of the word itself vary around the world.
I guess that cultural conventions are important for young kids also
I take it easy in though to not be overwhelmed, I say to myelf... it's going to be a good day, fitness is defined as the quality of being fit... and then do my 4 am routine :)
I guess. It's hard to tell. People are usually called obese when their body mass index is high, it's weight by the square of the person's height
Well I know that iron oxide gives mars a red tint so maybe something to do with that.
Awww, that's so sweet! Brown hair is the second most common hair color after black hair. Mine is black :(
Baking can involve hot ashes or even hot stones.
i wouldnt assume the worst, But currently there is no known cure, But there is promising treatment for it.
Target has expanded in the urban markets in the us, revitalizing business.
He definitely allowed himself to become typcast as his geek persona during that time.
I just don't know specific artists. I do love Southern gospel the most, which is a type of Christian music.
I'm kind of torn, I think probably they aren't, but the hard and dry texture probably helps clean their teeth, at least according to some manufacturers.
Yes, disco became old school
I hope not too many since obesity is linked to diabetes and sleep apnea and more.
Alright, I  like the color red because it is the dominant wavelength and has a wavelength of approximately 625–740 nanometres. Is red your favorite color too?
There are special shampoos and conditioners. Won't be hard to find them in the store because hair coloring products are a 1.9 billion dollar business in the U.S.!
Yes san diego zoo is awesome it houses over 3,700 animals, its huge!
Yes, they have factories all over the world. York, Pennsylvania; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Kansas City, Missouri; Manaus, Brazi. Just to name a few places. They're a popular biker club motorcycle.
Yes I do, mostly because of the history behind the color. The red pigment was actually one of the first colors in prehistoric art.
I get fatigued if I don't. Do you feel better the days you do? Defined as capacity to carry out the day's without it
Im not entirely sure how many stores the Target Corporation has. The first one was opened in 1962 in Roseville, Minnesota.
I like red too! It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.
I used to do it at home (not professionally) but I'm going to stop and let the grey hair take over. Grey hair is pretty trendy now.
You can try changes to diet and exercising to increase muscular gain.
Honestly, I lost a bet lol. Hair coloring is the practice of changing hair into various colors, and I got stuck with that one. Thanks friends
Well, it probably does! Since the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans used it in ceremonies and Roman generals used it to praise a victory, those were strong people!
Yes the Aztecs, where people of central Mexico.
The Target Corporation was founded by George Dayton. Its headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
It seems like my generation is more into hip hop music also known as rap.
Thats not good, A doctor can usually diagnose you based on a your symptoms, You should get that checked out.
It is at the end of the spectrum light. it sits next to orange and is opposite of violet.
Eumelain is what causes dark hair - the more of it there is the darker the hair
It's fun! Some classes of whitewater, such at 1 or 2, are very easy for beginners.
It sure is. They used to suffer from bursitis because of all the time spent on their knees scrubbing and lighting the fires.
There just isn't enough funding in the public system.  Therefore, a lot of privately operation preschools exist and cost a fortune.
I will still say his old school hits like Gin & Juice and What's My Name. They still get played today.
Eumelanin is a type of melanin found in hair follicles
I wish I was more adventurous with my hair, but all I've done so far is use dye to cover grays.  That's the reason many people use hair dye.
I enjoy when they make Israeli cuisine such as hummus and couscous.
It's a musical style that has a syncopated or "ragged", rhythm.
How about dumplings I love homemade dumplings with chicken, potatoes and fresh vegetables.
i don't know your situation but obesity is most commonly caused by exessive food intake, lack of physical activity and even genetic susceptibility
See, always thought it was just associated with age, but I'm in the same boat as you.  I got a dash more grey with each kid, and maybe a few pounds heavier as well.
If you are curious perhaps you should start with a natural dye.  It's plant based so less harsh.
I didn't know that. In Ireland and New Zealand child care is referred to as "crech?"
Yes! Do you have any favorite songs? I like "Nature Boy"
Yeah, I mean he sold over 23 million albums in the US alone. Do you have any of them?
Jazz is characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals, polyrhythms and improvisation
Yeah that would be interesting. However if you're in the area again one cool thing to see would be the Grand Village of the Natchez, a prehistoric village.
Well we have been eating grain forever. So the activity of baking is a very old one
I didn't think it was hard to canoe, it's a pretty easy and relaxing water sport. It actually is an Olympic sport too, first started in 1924
Well, their customization can do that for you but you may have trouble with your local laws!
Yes, the practice of changing hair color is really strange though.
I find that, even though they offer cheap products like Walmart, their stuff is a little more chic. Cheap-chic!
Oh it absolutely is, 40% of adult Americans are obese, it's having a negative effect on our society as a whole.
I have not heard of that. I'm assuming it relates to people missing life due to no cure.
Physical fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise coupled with sufficient rest
Well, brown hair certainly varies from blond to almost black: which is what mine was until I turned gray!
It is a primary color.
Sure! I know that Target is the second-largest discount retailer in the U.S., behind Walmart!
Yeah. Pretty cool in my opinion. Anyway, Mars also got it's name from the Roman god of War.
I guess it helps to distinguish a 7 from a 1, if you have bad handwriting like I do!
I have never seen a red panda although I understand it has reddish-brown fur and a long shaggy tail.
Yes, obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases like cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.
I've seen that infomercial on tv for years now.
I really love baking and cooking up cakes and bread.
That's amazing. I prefer the professional touch of home bakers, since now most baking is automated by machines in factories.
I have once at this restaurant they just add banku and kenkey and roll the dough into little balls and deep fry them.
SO many of those bands did! It's tough to see that their music has roots in blues, you know? A backbeat and a drum....music!
All of the colors on the visible spectrum coincide with a wheel of colors, the main groups being primary, secondary and tertiary. Which colors to use in art is important for setting the mood!
I guess the pigments in your hair can change, like the dark or light pigments that determine the tone of your hair.
I think every third generation on my mother's side. So, it's strange that in fraternal twins, each has it's own sperm cell that is fertilized, and not one cell.
I don't think theres much known about it. It could be either biological, genetic, infectious, and psychological as possible reasons.
What do you think obesity is caused by? I feel like if people would be more active that would help
I do like the improvisation, I also like that as it spread across the globe a lot of distinctive styles started popping up.
That is agricultural term, grain quality depends the make
It's really quite interesting and beautiful. There's over six million cubic feet of water that crosses the fall's crest every 60 seconds. Can you imagine?
Most armed forces consider "soldier" with a general meaning.
It can also happen during festivals because people have built up so much anticipation to the event, and we even encourage overeating sometimes, for instance Thanksgiving.
Mystery Science Theatre has a 60-episode syndication that was produced in 1995.  You'll have to check it out!
Indeed! For example infrared radiation is invisible to humans but detectable by science instruments!
Boy grains have been around as a staple food for millenia.  Baking those grains is really rather old.
Yes, me either. I think they are so expensive because in 2014, they were rated the world's most powerful brand
Yep, it carries the oxygen in our blood cells. When it gets exposed to the air, it oxidizes and becomes a bright red!
Pasta is divided in two categories. Dried pasta (Secca) and fresh(pasta fresca.
I am a big fan of classic rock too. Something about electric guitars, a double bass guitar or string guitar... makes my soul feel at home
Coming from Arizona, it is actually a full band with drummer Neal Smith
I like Angel hair too! I learned in school that their are two kinds of pasta dried ("pasta secca") and fresh ("pasta fresca").
China civilization dates back to their number era.Most people and institutions in China and Taiwan primarily use the Arabic or mixed Arabic-Chinese
Counterculture is when a subculture whose values differ substantially from the mainstream culture.
I like rock a lot better even though it was influenced by jazz. It was also influenced by the "British Invasion" in 1964.
In 2014 Ferrari was rated as the world's most powerful brand! I mean who wouldn't want a Ferrari to drive around in? lol
Red is actually the color at the very end of the visible spectrum of light
I like baking garlic bread and then also combining it with grilling to produce a hybrid variant by using one method after the other.
yes you can learn more black manta had no definitive origin story
Absolutely, all the great jazz musicians know how to play the swing and blue notes that characterizes jazz
Not sure if its the most famous, but the Horseshoe Falls is the most powerful one in the US and Canada.
Well usually whenever I need baking help I Google it so I'd suggest that! I like baking bread sometimes, but cakes and cookies are good too.
I cant believe hes not as best selling as other artists. Hes only sold 35 million albums around the world.
That's what I do too.  Its hard to afford hair coloring professionally. At home coloring in the US reached 1.9 billion in 2011 and is expected to go even higher at 2.2 billion dollars each year.  I believe it.
Interesting! So the difference between dry suits and wetsuits is that dry suits prevent water from entering?
he was created in 1933,  by Jerry Siegel about 5 years after bayman by bob kane
Well you can start by just walking 30 minutes a few times a week, and then build into some kind of physical exercise like swimming or weight training. I like weight training because I like seeing my muscles grow and I find it enjoyable.
Yeah! encompasses the liver manifestations of alcohol overconsumption, including fatty liver, alcoholic hepatitis, and chronic hepatitis with liver fibrosis
hes famous for smoking weed and being a rapper, love snoop dog
Yes, I also know that it is a four day event during the Summer
It was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. They built their first car in 1940.
It is a 4 day long event from Thursday to Sunday.
Yes, i agree. I love Target also. I think Target has established itself now as one of the highest earning stores other than Wal mart
I am an avid baker! I love making cookies, pies and anything with yeast like bread.
Sure! Red is the color at the end of the visible light spectrum
France but recreationally tasting uses similar methods
I'm not sure I would think genetics. People that have brown hair are usually called brunette's. Do you get called that?
I like it a lot! The color is great. In the US and Europe, purple is associated with royalty and magic. Sorta cool.
Really, well you will find it cool that various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.
I have brown as I have stated earlier. Brown varies from light brown to an almost black colour. Actually black hair is the most common colour in the world.
Its roots include African-American music traditions including blues and ragtime
i dont really know, but it has been a long time ago because baking has traditionally been performed at home ever since as of the times of the old
Its characterized by long term fatigue and other symptoms and it severely limits a persons ability to live a normal life
Yeaha and in the late 19th and early 20th centuries it developed into blues and ragtime too.
Bread has to proof, or rise, before baking.  The process is known as fermentation.  Beer froth helped this process.
I have seen the larger ones in the ocean and the smaller ones in aquariums. These things are super protected by government agencies in the wild and domestic.
It is used in a variety of different cuisines! One example is Korean cuisine, where they use gouchujang, which is fermented red chili paste.
I don't know a lot about Snoop Dogg but I do know his career began in 1992 as he was discovered by Dr. Dre.
Exactly, that is why East Asian countries use lower values obesity levels.
Just be careful, if you spill it, it makes a big mess!  And I never realized until recently that 75% of women in Copenhagen have used hair dye!
Well it is the state that everyone has experienced before because it is the natural state of a human being given at a birth.
And that's why a lot of folks do it professionally. I'd never try highlighting or frosting at home.
It's probably so great because it originated in African American communities in New Orleans.
One can say that it is   the quality or state of being fit.
I do also, the practice of wine tastin is as ancient as its production.
It is one of the most popular comedy clubs in the United states.
Nice! Did you change your hair color by dyeing it?
Good question, its actually most common in the Western world, especially with europe, USA and even some populations in the middle east
Or you can make it at home. Today though Both dried and fresh pasta come in a number of shapes and varieties and cant be found almost anywhere
Some people dont realize it but baking truly is an art form. It takes skill. Different cultures have their own types of breads and it is important for nutrition.
Swimming is a great exercise. You can say fitness is just a quality or state of being. However you achieve it is up to your interests.
Quality care can mean everything in the world to future success of a child
Yes it is a medical condition called Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)
It is located between Terrapin Point on Goat Island in NY and Table Rock in Ontario!
Well first its very important to know that pastas are divided into two groups, dried ("pasta secca") and fresh ("pasta fresca"). And both have a entire different taste.
"War of the Worlds" written by H G Wells and starring Tom Cruise is a favorite!
Yes gray hair is associated with age and many people dont want to be thought of as old
Lasagna was actually invented some time in the Middle Ages, most likely in Naples!  I love it as well!
It can be,  This is a list of types of art and the materials used
There is a video game from 2004 called "Evil Genius", maybe you could practice there. Your costume should be red or grue.
Yep haha, well on the topic of the color red, Red pigment was actually made from ochre was one of the first colors used in prehistoric art. Thats why you see so many red paintings in caves, its not blood like people think.
I wonder too but today hair coloring is very popular. 75% of women do it.
I respect the fact that  He was the first black man to host an American TV show.
Yes, this first store opened in 1962.
It was a 168/62 V12 engine!! I would win any race with that kind of engine
Back in the Renaissance days, the red costumes were dyed with kermes and cochineal.
The Hindus use to write the number 7 as a curved stroke that looked like an inverted uppercase J.
Yes, as an Infantryman we bear the largest brunt and deployment is inevitable for us.
It's crazy that the event lasts for 4 days every summer since 2003. That is a lot of content and fun it seems like!
Well the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans were known to color their faces red for ceremonies, and Roman general would color their bodies when they were victorious.
They are small shells that look like miniature hot dog buns
I don't think the cause is fully understood.  It could be genetic, could be biological, or it could be psychological.
The first mention of Gouda cheese dates from 1184 making it the oldest recorded cheeses in history .. very interesting i honestly had no idea
I do love it. It is seen as America's Classical music and I find it beautiful.
Sure ,that's if it you have the capacity to carry out the day’s activities without undue fatigue.
I am unsure but the Arabs influenced the European form.
It's been found by historians, and back in the Renaissance period, the nobles and wealthy would use it to dye their costumes. It a strong and beautiful color!
I am an okay cook, but I usually just go with dry pasta, which is also known as pasta secca.
Yes the tourist was excellent and gave us a full blown college lecture lol and she said it was more than six million cubic feet of water that goes over the fall every minute.
The Romans did but Greeks baked dozens and possibly hundreds of types of bread.
I do not but I know he has sold over 23 million albums in the US.
Well if your hair is blond, then you shouldnt bleach it, Just wash it really good and choose a darker color. You dont want to ruin your hair roots.
Yes, and though you usually find clowns as part of circuses, there are some that can become their own solo act.  A great way to confront it.
A long time ago people considered fitness to be the ability to carry out your day's duties without getting very tired.
I am not sure. I find it interesting that the Hindus used to write the number and it looked like an uppercase J.
Sounds good, there are hybrid zucchinis with yellow and orange coloring. Would be neat to have a colorful pasta dish!
It's a time-honored profession! Wine tasting has been around forever, but it started to become a formalized thing back in the 14th century.
Exactly, there are a lot of those people around these days, like George W Bush, who served as governer of texas and then president after his father did.
It is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.
I think that it's so desirable now because people attribute positive personality traits with attractive people.
Indigo is a deep and rich color close to the color wheel blue and it lies somewhere at the beginning of the spectrum.
yes, that can be true.  Some peoples metabolisms are different depending on how much energy they are using.
Because of historical social and familial roles, baking has traditionally been performed at home by women for hundreds of years
There really are- I actually had no idea. They range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson to pale red pink to dark red burgandy.
I do know that brown hair people are often referred to as brunettes which is a  feminine term.  Maybe that means their are more women who are brown haired???
Well, the first one opened in 1962. They were briefly in Canada, I'm so sad it didn't work out.
I have never ridden. I'm too scared. Under the Harley-Davidson brand, among them apparel, home decor and ornaments, accessories, toys, and scale figures of its motorcycles, and video games based on its motorcycle line and the community.
I prefer Target, Walmart has been accused of racial and gender discrimination and Target has always been an LGBT ally.
me too, hindu people used to write 7 with one stroke and it looked like and uppercase J
He is an alright actor, not the best lol But he did sell 23 million records in US and 35 around the world
she is very good, i like movies from marvel as well for the music in it. do you like to watch movies ?
I am not sure. There are several Bridal Veil falls throughout the USA though. I know of one in WA state, and one in Oregon. You can actually go to the Bridal Veil ghost town in Oregon and get your wedding invitations stamped!
yea Calvin Cordozar Broadus isnt as catchy as snoop dog
Snoop Dog is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr
Are you a fan of MTV? I remember when they actually used to play music videos instead of the series they have on it now.
I think I like that really we are the childs first teachers
Bingo!  Yes, it is!  And brown hair actually varies from light brown to almost black!
LOL, in Greece they baked almost hundreds of  types of breads.
Generally speaking.  So many times, it depends on the driver more than the car; but the car is powerful, low, sleek, and aerodynamic for sure.  In 2014, there were over 260,000 spectators for the Le Mans races.  It was the largest since 1989.  People across the world enjoy fast, powerful cars.
Wine tasting means that wine is examined and evaluated by a person
The only Native Americans left live on reservations nearby. Which there are 250 tribes that live on reservations.
They were first made in the 40's. They go real fast I hear. Have you been very fast yourself, friend?
Good, Jazz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression for so long. Good to see you giving it the respect that it deserves.
Oh! Do you heat the stone first or put the food on cold?
I'll try to get over to america to celebrate the the founding in 1903, Milwaukee Wisconsin here i come :-)
Me too. Its the second most common human hair colour.
hair coloring is very popular, 75% of women and 18% of men do it!
It is primar colour. The red sk at sunset results from raleigh
His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr. (born October 20, 1971
Me too! There are 310 specifics shapes of pasta with over 1300 different names documented. It's quite amazing!
It is pretty accurate a lot of the time but that is true. It is done by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height.
I love blue ray wine,  the practice of wine tasting is as ancient as its production
Yeah, they have interesting things in their stores. They have found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.
Sommeliers usually work in fine restaurants and specialize in all aspects of wine and how wines match with foods.
Professional hair stylist also cut and style hair too. They don't just dye hair.
I can see that! Clowns are very good at entertaining large audiences, even at a distance!
Italian cuisine has influenced US cooking more than any others. What Italian dishes do you like besides pizza?
DC Comics is a very well known American comic book publisher, they own several of the most popular comic book characters.
Yeah I don't like it either but in Italy Donkey milk is on the rise if you can believe that.
I can drive. There is some new medication rintatolimod. I'd like to try.
It influenced many foods around the world, chiefly foods of the United States. it's copied all over the world.
I love them all!  I can't pick just one!  The Jazz age was in the 1920s and is now recognized as a major form of musical expression!
I am not a baker but wish I could make the most common baked item that I believe is bread.
Cavatelli is the type of pasta, I'm sorry for misunderstanding. they are small pasta shells.
I've heard a mixture of opinions, but what does it say? I definitely know it's a primary color in the RGB model lol.
Not sure how much. McCaw is a pioneer in the cell phone industry, so I'm sure he had no problem paying whatever it was. Mountains of money!
Yes, in the western part of the world, children usually go to a day-care centre, a nanny, a babysitter or to pre-school.
China and PRC are much more of a worry simply because they have slowly become the leader of the world under everyone's' nose
I love to camp, being outdoors, staying overnight, pitching a tent, super fun
I'm not sure. I was hoping you knew. In Victorian times the maids were expected to remain unmarried.
some of the famous gospel singers were George Root, Mahalia Jackson, and others.
I know, this pigmentation is what determines darker or paler hair colors.
I sometimes like purple to because its unique since its made from red and blue
His debut album was certified  4 x platinum in 1994.
Gran Turismo has sold over 77 million copies since 1997.
That makes sense. Did you have a specific reason for dyeing your hair? I know people do it to cover gray or white hair. or to just make their hair more fashionable.
John Hopkins  Hospital :) do you that Around the world the term physician refers to a specialist in internal medicine ?
Well, yeah there actually were a bunch of clown sightings in 2016, but I think it was just people messing around.
I do not but I like to eat bread at least once a week. I love the combination of flour and water.
Yes, they've been around a while. They also license and market under their own brand different apparel.
No, I believe they are similar in that regard. I just have to avoid the gluten found in grains like wheat.
Speaking of hair...Glam metal took the cake.  Rocking on whammy bars and wearing eyeliner were the thing.
Eh, it's not my favorite but at least it's not yellow. Red is a primary color in the RGB model
Its a The body mass index (BMI) or Quetelet index is a value derived from the mass
While elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s it was not called rock until the 50's
Apparently the red in a sunset is the result of Rayleigh scattering.
Baking is such an important skill for cooking, especially since bread is a common and nutritious food for many cultures.
Any Harley is a good choice with their style of customization.
In 1900s, Pastas may be divided into two broad categories, so around that time.
Yeah in italy, the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary with the locale.
I live in the United States. What an cool nickname! Purple was the color worn by rulers in the Byzantine Empire and the Holy Roman Empire. So even cooler nickname!
Oh, i see.  great dog, but probably poos everywhere. don't they cross them with other breeds to make peekapoos or peke-a-tese?
i love physical exersise! I love fitness in general. feels good to be fit and healthy
Jazz is basically americas classical music too
Yes they are so large too! And belong to the genus Manta.
he is a Blonde i think, but maybe he aged like that, maybe gray a bit i dont know, the actors name is Mark Pellegrino
That is very impressive. I guess it's why great racers such as Schumacher wanted to join the team.
I did see IT.  I think I remember seeing it on TV right when it came out in 1986. That movie still freaks me out to this day.  I haven't seen the new version yet.  Have you?
I seen him a few years ago! It was awesome. He's sold over 23 million albums in the US alone.
Yes! Jazz is 'America's Classical Music' Specifically I like Nat King Cole, who do you like?
No you can't that is a classic fresh or dried pasta can make spaghetti and meatballs taste awesome lol.
Oh that does sound kind of good. Google will help you out I'm sure, and will let you create a nice baked bread with a firm dry crust and a soft, pepperoni center, yum!
yep outside of Target Corporation headquaters being there minnesota is useless
So do I, especially how it has a dominant wavelength of about 625-740 nanometers.
Thats great !  Another fact about 7 is that hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke that looked like a J
Our blood is red. I am a doctor so I see a lot of red. Did you that Iron gives the red color to our blood?
According to the sources provided, there are peak tourists times at Niagara Falls.
Me too the problems with obesity are obvious, as it can cause many diseases and conditions like type 2 diabetes and even cancer.
That sounds like a good starting place. Just keep gradually increasing the weight.
Well, say what you will about Harleys, they sure do have a loyal customer base.  Their owner clubs are pretty well known all over the world.  The museum is really interesting too.
Its important to get not only physical exercise, but proper nutrition as well to be physically fit.
Do you get it done professionally or do it yourself?
Nothing really. The Hindus used to write their 7's like an uppercase J, vertically inverted.
I also love pink- which is actually a very light shade of red. It's a mixture of white and red. Men used to sometimes wear pink suits because, as a watered down shade of red, I signified passion or anger tempered by self-control
Yes it is believed it might because they have a high consumption of a type of yam which stimulates eggs to be released from each ovary
I know that its a is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention, do you like visiting comic-cons?
I believe so as well I would love to visit Argentina that is where Italian-born people reside great pasta I bet.
Black hair is the most common.
Yeah, he is a popular rapper, songwriter, Television personality, and actor. I like him too.
That is a hard question.  There are over 310 types of pasta!
Wonderful! Enjoy making your pasta! I'm sure it'll be amazing. Maybe I'll make some too!
True.  Pasta has influenced cuisines in the United States.
My favorite superhero definitely has to be Batman.  In the DC universe anyway.
Interestingly enough many see Jazz as "American Classical Music" since it originated here.  Since the 20's it's been recognized as such.
They are threatened by pollution, getting caught in fishnets and Chinese harvesting them for medicine
I'm not so sure. But I understand if you would want to, in order to stand out. Especially if you lived in Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America, Southern Europe, or Africa, no matter what your ethnolinguistic affiliation, you most likely have black hair as it's overwhelmingly common.
No they used more corn based, but the ancient greeks used enclosed ovens and wood fires and communities usually baked bread together.
Yes, and I wished more parents, siblings and family played more of a role in child care, instead of passing off to strangers and the government.
In the middle ages the Dutch could obtain rights that would give them a monopoly on certain goods like cheese
Daycare workers are essentially the childs first teacher. Do you have kids?
Wow I have heard of making it by hand with flour and water and eggs but thought it was extremely hard
Yes, we all love cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat. I can't do without sugar and banana muffins
That seems like a decent show. Is it about the original Supergirl Kara Zor-El?
That's true, they are a music group.  Juggalos are freaky along with the movie IT.  I can't believe that people were dressing up like evil clowns back in 2016 and hiding near schools.  Wouldn't that be freaky to encounter one at night?
I think so, and there is also a museum that commemorates their worldwide achievements
Merlot is deemed to be "softer" and "fleshy" than cabernet which is usually smokier and deeper.
Did you get a chance to do any cave diving? I'm not sure there are any caves in the Bahamas.
That is hilarious. The first time I heard about furries, I seriously thought it was a made-up thing. But, alas.....many of those creatures do gather on the internet or conventions....
Not an easy task but determination will pay off. Physical fitness is achieved by eating proper nutrition, rest and various rigorous exercise.
Im not sure but They are filter feeders and eat large quantities of zooplankton
Oh yes, Miles Dewey Davis III was one of the greatest American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer.
yes, and important even in CHina where it is used to color lots of early pottery pieces
i'm not sure but Greeks baked over seventy-two varieties of bread! Can you believe that?
Yes i love it! Cooking with dry heat in an oven is awesome. What type of things do you like to make?
Haha yep so many pasta dishes you can make easily and its so simple with just some noodles and protein/sauce
I like red because of the emotions it represents, like fire and passion.
Me too, Brown hair is most common after black hair
That makes sense, its a primary color which is one reason that he is so popular.
It is the second most common hair color so that makes sense.
I doubt, you might have also heard of "Dog's bread", made from bran, they say this have been  in existence for over a 1000 years
Cookies and cakes, By the fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed ovens heated by wood fires
The way they entertain is usually from a distance by design, which is especially suited for large audiences.  The farther away the better.
Whether positive or negative, its usage goes pretty far back in history. Victorious Roman generals had their entire bodies painted red to celebrate.
No not in person I have not but I'm sure it looks beautiful from how the ice crystals form.
I've never actually been to a real wine tasting myself.  I know a little about it and how it has been around as long as wine making has
For sure. Are you just ready for a change? The main reason people dye is for cosmetic reasons.
Aww! That's cute! And actually, you're doing something good for his health! Dry, hard dog biscuits can help clean a dog's teeth!
If you do, you can treat it with cognitive behavioral therapy.
I do like sax music.  I used to listen to a lot of Kenny G back in the day.  I believe I even had his album Duotones
So when you read the story, did you find Jack Nicholson a good choice for Jack-the-writer-and alcoholic who becomes caretaker of the Overlook Hotel?
Yamaha was first established in 1887 by Torakusu Yamaha
Chemicals on hair are never good, I agree.  Apparently people in the US don't care, spending almost 1.9 BILLION on hair color.
I like linguini too. Pasta is fairly easy to make, usually just using flour and eggs or water.
After world war 2 they started to make motorcycles after re-purposing the company
I love any exercise really. Anything that helps me enhance or maintain fitness and overall health and wellness. Do you like to exercise?
Yes, they used to take baths in basins, but found out that showers were a lot more efficent
The TV show, animal conservation, and running trhe zoo
Wow sounds delicious. Have you ever combined baking with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant?
It is ok but a pain to eat the long noodles.  I like smaller easier to eat pieces.  Its interesting how all the different types of pasta have different cooking styles
Well, your gym membership is good, because there is a relation between fitness and attractiveness that caused gyms to spring up in the last 30 years.
I don't use it much but it's never used in computer fonts
Haha! Yeah, pink and green are a bit too crazy for me! If you don't mind me asking, is your wife European? I hear brown hair is pretty common there.
Me too! He was created by high school students
Both of my parents have relatives in Europe so with those genes I am very fair skinned.
Yeah, it's not the same. It's hard to believe that there are 310 specific forms of pasta. There's truly something for everyone!
Well, it is the hemoglobin in blood for instance that makes it appear red. Anthocyanins are found in berries and autumn leaves.
While it is not a movie, i did see "The Coon", the second episode of the thirteenth season of South Park
That's the problem. Walmart claims it causes lower prices through efficiency, but the charges of discrimination and foreign product sourcing belie that. Though I doubt Target is truely innocent in all those things either.
It's a pretty complicated term but it involves the scattering of light by particales much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation.
Pianos and Trumphets, Gospel music can be traced to the early 17th century in the south.
I can understand tha this is devastating because it limits your ability to perform everyday functions.
It is characterized by call and response vocals, swing and blue notes, and the polyrhythms and improvisation
really, mine is black, but People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette
I think that it was in the 1950's, after World War II.
I'll have to pass for that reason the sight of blood makes me quench I like red because of apples and strawberries though lol.
Tortellini are typically stuffed with a mix of meat or cheese. what are your favorite stuffings?
Obviously we lack self control! lol The easiest way to treat obesity is to change your diet and increase your exercise routine.
I don't think so.  It was two high school students living in Cleveland Ohio.
Absolutely, it follows 6 and precedes 8! What fun!
Well to help with obesity, you can make changes to your diet. You can exercise more.
Yeah, it is! Next to green and blue. It's also a primary color in the CMYK color model, which is lesser known.
Since cosmetologists cut and color hair, I'm thinking that might be a good career to get into!
Well, editing can involve creative skills so you need to be very artsy to be a successful Youtuber!
TRL used to be a show on MTV that actually showed music videos and did countdowns to the number 1 of the day.
it was founded by enzo ferrari in 1938
Yeah it is, it is the second most common, after black, which I have.
I think they generally have plugs outside in parking lots and that sort of thing. Either that or you can get a wall socket in your home.
I don't think so, the company was born out of Alfa Romeo's race division
I love using almond flour. Theres four grains that dominated in nordic countries. do you know what they are?
Jazz started since 1920
I like that its wavelenght is 625-740 nanometres.
nice have you heard all her music ?
Definitely. Although it began in Italy, pasta has had a tremendous influence on American cuisine.
well everyone needs to have a sustained abstinece or sobritey .. which is the firs step
People call brown hair brunettes which comes from the french word brun.
I'm 47, so with age comes increasing gray, I know.  However, I am very young at heart.
I have always wanted to try a snowmobile, snow recreation in general is a favorite of mine, and quick travel in a big blizzard would be cool
Yes, Dr. Dre is the current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment.
A higher level of alcohol can be achieved by having more sugar in the grapes. Some winemakers actually stop fermentation early to leave some residual sugars and sweetness. Yum!
I'll bet! Dogs seem to like dog biscuits like humans love snack food! I know I'd be happy if someone handed me snack food a few times a day! Ha!
Well he was a part of the British Pantomimes and expanded the rowl of the clown in that.
Hard of it, harvest people for food, steal the planet's resource
Red ranges from brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet, to the vermillion color all the way to bluish-red crimson, and varies in all kinds of shade.
I don't know for sure, but I tend to like music that emphasizes the vocal pieces.
I'm speaking in general terms, I hadn't really named one. The War of the Words is good.
Hey me too! I've done some programming in C++ in the past, but am now trying to learn Python.
Yes I agree. I achieve it through proper nutrition and exercise as well as good rest is important.
I wished I could bake and use those big ovens in factories!
One can get it through through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.
I like to get all ready to start the day and want to have morning routine done by 6.  When did you realize you were starting to become fit? Mine was when I could carry daily activities without fatigue. I looked in the mirror and BAM the body match the emotions
7 (seven; ) is the natural number between 6 and 8
No problem, also the most powerful is Horseshoe Falls which is the most powerful in America even.
Hello. Oh yes, I love Classic rock mostly! I can't get enough of the catchy drum beats and electrical guitars.
It is called Rayleigh scattering, caused by elastic scattering of light from particles much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation.
I see! And the bubbles give the wet suit low density, so it helps provide buoyancy in the water.
I am not sure because I have never been out of West Virginia and I see very few black people , however,  People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette
Also, Australian Aborigines and Melanesians hair is normally brown.
The taste is so full of an abundance of taste it just can't be copied lol.
Another thing about baking is that the heat moves from the surface to the center to make sure that it is sufficiently cooked.
He was the progenitor of funk music and a major figure of 20th century popular music and dance
Yes, me too.  Actually the audience really increased in the 1920's due to the advent of radio.
Today the definition includes proper nutrition and sufficient rest as well.  I eat right, but I don't sleep!
I don't think it matter how old you are! I'd say if you want to change the hair color go for it!
7 follows a natural progression.  In the Bible, I believe it stands for completion
I like to play rugby in the Community Amateur Sports Club in my area.
The way that it works is that the oven transfers heat from the surface to the center of the baked good.
That's interesting, animals in sport are considered working animals.
Oh yes, Billie Holiday, or Lady Day as her friend used to call her. She was a legend for sure!
I think wheat bread and I work at a local bakery
Yep, way better than a Chrysler or Fiat
It pairs great with it and it is one of the most popular cheeses in the world
I enjoy baking bread. It is the most common baked item.
I don't remember but the showtime brand is used by a number of channels around the world but primarily refers to the group of 8 channels in U.S.
Oh, there's plenty to choose from, but finding any without gluten might prove to be tough as most pasta noodles are made from dough mixed with water and eggs.
Oh yeah, I love to mix in cream cheese with it too. It's nice to watch in the oven, how it heats from the surface into the center making it rise.
It was founded by Enzo Ferrari and the Ferrari Enzo is one of the most expensive classic car in the world.
No, only doughs that you want to rise, like bread, pizza dough, doughnuts, etc.
Yes, she's a fraternal twin, so they developed from two different eggs. But, still pretty cool.
Well, the twin birth rate in the US rose from 18.9 to 33.3 for every 1,000 births between 1980 and 2009
I don't think I have enough skill to bake yet, but maybe would like to try
I have brown hair as well! it's the second most common hair color, after black hair
Same here. Brown hair is most common across the western world.
Yes,  the role of the physician and the meaning of the word itself vary around the world
In United States obesity is on the rise in the last few years.It has become a major health issue
Then are you familiar with color theory?
Today, a modern definition of being fit either means a person or machine's ability to do it's thing and to be able to cope with various situations.
Now that I think more, they do make street bikes, but like smaller versions of harley davidsons
I like to bake bread, as it is the most common baked item. Also cake and cookies.
They say that the last time Bill Gates wrote any code, it was on a TRS-80 that he bought from RadioShack.
That's really convenient and I bet a lot cheaper than going to a salon.
That sounds amazing!  Hair color can be done by a hairdresser or at home, how did you do yours?
Melanin is a group of natural pigments found in most organisms. How much a person has is hereditary.
Although Gouda is one of the most popular cheeses, I admit I've never tried it before! I like a good ol' cheddar cheese.
Not really, it was known for it's hand clapping, foot stomping and a cappella singing though!
Well fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, it is not much relived by rest, and it is not due to a previous medical condition.  It is unexplained fatigue and severity of functional impairment
You're close! Technically, black is the most common hair color. Brown comes after that.
OK, Ferrari was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939
Not at the moment I did hear that they are working to make them plug in electric vehicles where they can be safe driven in the United States if it can be supported by the federal government.
i like Rock and roll because it developed from the music of gospel and blues in the 1940's and 1950's.
Physical education, also known as Phys Ed., PE, Gym, or Gym class, and known in many Commonwealth countries as physical training or PT, is an educational course related of maintaining the human body
In Central Africa there are 18 to 30 sets of twins per 1000 - quite a bit more than we have!
Oh yeah, baking is a lot of fun since I love cooking food.
It is the pigmentation in the hair. The word brunette is the feminine form of the French word "brunet".
Yes, but in France, childhood obesity is growing faster than obesity in adults
I wouldn't suggest adding a cure porked and beef mixed-together product in my bread, but I guess you could try, I'd add it in from the start I suppose.
I do not know a whole lot on weight lifting for older women.  I do know you should start with lightweights first, and not overdo it.  Physical fitness is usually achieved by eating right, moderate exercise and a good nights rest.
Well, I read that following World War ll gospel music grew and concerts became quite elaborate.  But, contemporary Christian music became popular in the 1980's.
Many of their stores do. They were originally called Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902, and carried all sorts of things - including food.
I guess it was named on just an idea the creators had, fun fact It was named the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L.
I have not but I have wanted to go as well! It was founded in 1970!
Yeah, and its a major form of musical expression
It depends.  I would try a custard pie.   You pretty much just mix milk, eggs, sugar and vanilla and pour it into a pie crust
What was your Body Mass Index? Was it high?
Well different doctors have shown that the use of the medication rintatolimod can greatly help with the symptoms.
I love "cool hand luke" where they refer to defeated villians as mullet heads.
Their sewage systems were made of lead pipes, actually.
Italian cuisine is awesome, italian food is the best food in the world for me, italian cuisine got its roots from antiquity!
The chili pepper or also known as chili is a fruit of plants from the Capsicum family of the nightshade family.
yes.. i like blue too .it is pretty attractive as it is at the dominant wave length
YES, INTELLECTUAL AROUND THE WORLD HAVE HAILED JAZZ AS ONE OF AMERICA ORIGINAL ART FORMS
Hair coloring popular with 75% of women.  I teach and many students, male and female, color their hair various shades of blue and green.
I understand she was a genius at incorporating so many musical styles, like classical, jazz, blue, folk, gospel, and more.
Editing involves creative skills, human relations, and a precise set of methods.
Yeah I'm not really intimidated, I've just never gotten around to it. Some large households in Rome normally had their own bakers. What is your favorite thing to bake?
Nice! Remember ROY G. BIV? I didn't realize there was so much science to it. Red is the longest wavelength
I have higher levels of a pigment called eumelanin
It can be done at home if you only want to go a few shades darker or lighter, but anything more you really need a hairdresser.
You mean all of the major events and trends in pop music in the 80s? I love 80s music!
Red Line, sometimes known as the Howard-Dan Ryan Line or the North-South Line, is a rapid transit line in Chicago
Its top speed is not very well known, since only 39 250 GTOs were manufactured between 1962 and 1964.
Light skin is most commonly found amongst native people in Europe and NE Asia
Me too. I grew up in a small town and always had to travel to another city to visit Target. The first store actually opened in the small town of Roseville, Minnesota in 1962
I'll admit, I have an addictive personality anyway. I have to be careful with most I do. I think my personality traits are just that way
When I was young, cake in an easy-bake oven
It's a huge drain on our healthcare systems, but how can you blame children since food advertisements aren't even just on tv anymore.  They have moved into the classroom.
OK, well..  Hair coloring can be done professionally by a hairdresser or independently at home; most of the time it's done at home to save money
Target was founded in the 60s in one of the suburbs of Minneapolis by the Dayton coorporation. Mark Dayton (of the same family) is now our governer!
5,6,7,8 What makes it so special. it can be written in several ways you know !
Well different pasta dishes use different kinds of pasta and cooking styles as well as sauces.
Hey, me too!  It is pretty common to have brown hair, you know.  It's the second most common color.
Red has 625-740 nanometers.
Aw, she sounds adorable! "Dog's bread" was the original name for today's dog biscuits. Humans have been making them since Roman times!
The creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies by location. and it has been around since the 30's
thats very true, i find the aroma of wine to be much more diverse that its flavour
I have! My aunt suffered with it for many years. She was diagnosed based on her symptoms, I don't think a clear diagnostic test exists. Have you known anyone who's had it?
I like more of the color blue it goes well with my eyes lol plus it is close to violet and green on the spectrum which I like as well.
I have not, although I understand it is held annually in San Diego.
Andrea is portrayed by Laurie Holden in that TV series. She is really good.
Definitely, but only because sugary drinks tend to have a lot of calories! They even call sweetened beverages "liquid candy". It's that bad!
I am not sure, but, the biscuits are supposed to help clean the dog's teeth, promoting oral health.
Yes! They actually have a few types of therapy that can help like group therapy, cognitive behavioural therapy, and individual therapy.
It was a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.
The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching has categorized it as a Research University with Highest research activity - quite an achievement.
This depends on the individual person. As BMI is the body mass divided by the square of the body height.
You'll be surprised to know that there are 310 specific forms known variably by over 1300 names!
I agree! Some of the new type of music nowadays I just don't understand. I miss just the classic saxophone or piano in some of the current music.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. A lot of things can cause insomnia, including stress, health conditions, or even just caffeine.  Are you doing anything to manage that?
The planet Mars is red because of Iron oxide as well. Strawberries and apples are red because of anthocyanins.
Maybe because brown hair has so much variation. It can range from a light brown to nearly black. That's pretty broad I think.
i am not sure but,  The red colour of blood comes from protein hemoglobin
The planet Mars is red due to iron oxide.
Oh, I don't doubt that. I know dried pasta is very convenient, but many think fresh pasta is better tasting.
Do you know who is cast? I think that's why/how I heard about it -- and the fact Netflix and I are friends! Crazy it's inspired films, series, video games, etc....oh, and cosplayers!
True, I used to oppose a Sugary drink tax, but with increasing evidence that Cokes, sports drinks and energy drinks can lead to diabetes I would not oppose it now.
It means that with the use of combination of those 3 colors you can make almost any color. Red sits at the end of the spectrum, close to orange, but opposite of violet.
do you dye your hair independently or get it done profesiionally?
yeah Sobriety is also considered to be the natural state
my little pony adhere Charles muenchinger and Steve d aguanno in 1981 too
"Dog bread" as it was called was already mentioned since the Roman, so they have been around forever
There was a Canadian subsidiary but it went bust.
Arabs write it with horizontal upper line
Okay. The number 7 is after the number 6 and before the number 8.
Right! There are an infinite number of prime numbers.
It's really tough when people can't afford daycare, and they're left with the double burden of working to earn money, but are stuck with domestic labor too, like child raising.
yeah diagnosis is based on the presented symptoms.
They really are. It's a primary color too, in the RGB model.
His books have been published by Yale University Press in 48 volumes
Um, I've never cooked Prince before. But like I said, I like to use grilling also which is dry heat applied to food.
Yes it is pretty expensive, and its a four-day event (Thursday–Sunday) held during the summer, so staying there also makes it more expensive
In Commonwealth English they use the title "guard" or "train manager". Weird right?
I think I'm going to have mine done by a professional hairdresser,
I do Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat  ccumlate
The red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering.
Oh I know, red also has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.
Absolutely! Obesity is usually preventable in most cases through a combination of personal choices and social changes. We need to eat less and exercise more!
He's a pretty awesome trumpeter and composer. You like his music?
Thanks for listening! I think when something takes over your subconscious and tries to get you to fail, abstaining is incredibly difficult! I'm hoping this stage passes quickly for her!
I love red from the bluish-red of crimson to the yellow tinged scarlet, it is probably the most prominent color.
Okay, good. It is also a measure of how well a human and cope or adapt with various situations. You know life can be unpredictable!
Oh that is so good. But talk about bad for you! I recently read that there are more than 300 shapes and varieties of pasta.
Indeed, and the color blond is due to the low level of eumelamin
Target positioned itself above Walmart as cheap-chic but I don't know about snacks
No, I guessI was just generalising the term but they bake an assortment of things in a bakery.
Manta ray's getation period lasts for over a year, so it takes quite a long time. They also give birth to live pups.
It is and has roots in West African cultural and musical expression.
His music career began in 1992
It actually can be many other colors, like black, but the version at the Grand Canyon is more red.
Yes; I personally think of pink as it's own colour - it's been a colour name since the 17th century!
No not really but i'm a big fan of their Smile album
It is also a complimentary color to cyan which is surprising to me.
He sure did!  It was called "Murder Was the Case" and it was amazing!
I love the polyrhythms and improvisation. Also the swing and blues influences.
I like that it isnt common and its my birthday day of the month, its a cool number.
Do you have a favorite hue of red? Like pinks to dark red burgundy?  Mine is a dark red.
Yes me too, but experience makes perfect! I mainly baked bread but many other types of foods are baked in my house.
Yes ,it ranges from a wavelength of approximately 625–740 nanometres.
I think they're made mostly from bran. Way back in Roman times, dog treats were mentioned to be "dog's bread." It's hard to believe dog treats have been around for so long, isn't it?
No really it only occurs when light ravels through transparent solids, liguids or gases
I totally agree some people like theirs fried I prefer mines in a creamy sauce boiling, simmering and steaming to get all the flavors lol.
Yes I love red as well it is a very vibrant dominant color and has a wavelength of 625-740. I love the color for Christmas as well and Valentines Day.
The colour can be  light brown to almost black hair.
I do a diversified thing but i make sure i take my proper nutrition in control.
Sure friend,Obesity caused due to genes, medications. Due to what you became fat.
Enzo ferrari founded in out of alfa romeos models
One of my favorite types of wine is cabernet sauvignon.  Which is one of the most popular and recognized red varietals.
I like red, but pink is my favorite it is named after a flowering plant in the genus Dianthus.
yeah I think so. its international and mult-genre
I don't know much about jazz music. Apparently jazz originated in New Orleans in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Lack of early education can lead to an achievement gap, whis is a disparity of educational performance among subgroups of students (race, gender, etc)
Not really, since wine tasting has been around since the 14th century.
Very cool.  Italian food is the best - it has so much flavor and it is the most popular and copied in the world
Homemade pasta really is the best! I love italian food. It really has had a nice effect on many cuisines around the world.
I used to watch my grandma in the kitchen all the time. Women usually do baking at home while men do so in restaurants.
My body mass index is way to high.
Yep I really like it! It comes from blues and ragtime music.
Yeah that hair.  Euro disco and dance pop were so popular at this time.
It depends on the method you are using. You have to use prolonged dry heat in an oven, but it could be made even on hot ashes or stones.
Overeating is something that needs to be controlled and stop kids from eating so much food
In English black hair is described as raven black or jet black
I think blond would look pretty good.
Yeah it's so hard to make them since you have to form them into sheets and knead the dough.
The Target Corporation really started to find its success in the cheap-chic player in the the retail industry.
Apart from them, brown hair is common among Australian Aborigines.
I used black because my hair used to be all black but now it's all white and im barely 45 years old. My hairdresser does  a good job of coloring it for me once every 2 months
I don't have a strict one either but I try to eat the right foods and exercise some.
I'm not that familiar with Jazz but I know it is viewed by many people as 'America's Classic Music' and has a large following. Who is your favorite artist?
I am not sure.  I wonder if she was the first ever baker?
Yeah, the Harley-Davison motorcycles are awesome. They're an American motorcycle founded in Milwaukee in 1903. My dad drives one!
True. But, it's one of the oldest cheeses in the world still made. From 1184!
Rapid Eye Movement stage of sleep.  Its the deepest sleep where your body regenerates.  You also dream during REM sleep!
their second feature film in 1981.  "My basketball caoch done kicked me off the team; for wearing high heeled sneakers, and actin like a queen".
mine is red too it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light
Not much information on when it became a thing.  But i did find that both modern arab were influenced changing the character to the american way.  So it must have been around for a long time
Do you do any strength training to help lose weight?
Actually red became a big color for costumes and outfits in the Renaissance period among nobility and royalty.
overeating so much food is because they aim stuff at children , tis really terrible
Reds range from the brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson,
It seems to be - the yoruba people have the highest rate of twins in the world - 90 to 100 twins per 1000 live births
Louis Armstrong was pretty famous. He was pretty much the foundation in jazz known for playing his trumpet.
I enjoy Jazz also. Jazz is pretty much America's classical music.
Pink is a nice colour - it is associated with charm, sweetness and romance.
How do dogs eat those things?  they are so dry and hard!  What possible benefit could they get from them, other than taste, which apparently they do like.
Yes! And red is associated with the color to planet Mars! This happens from iron oxide!
An open mic is different. Open mic is where audience members get up and try material.
It all depends! You have bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers who, although have not reached the popularity of the Rolling Stones, have been around since 1983 themselves. Many bands reach a legacy and are able to continue playing for decades
I am a hairdresser that does hair coloring.
I have never heard of that and will have to check it out.  I love the google doodle that they put on their homepage
It trusly must be. It's crazy though that brown hair varies so much. It goes from light to almost black
No way? That's the rays in the genus "manta" right? What was it like?
Also the degrees and qualifications can vary but there are some common elements.
Then yes :D , but i would do it at home, not at the hairdressers i would be ashamed :D
I have pretty long hair too! My husband finds it very attractive so i'm not planning to cut it anytime soon
That is actually refered to as doppelgangers!
It was a type of science fiction that focused on the future where the high technology intersected with usually a urban setting, usually the seedier side of cities.  Think Blade Runner.
Tasty! Do you have a whipped cream charger to make it? That's one of those steel container devices that uses nitrous oxide. Very efficient!
No, tell me more about it. Isn't Ebola this dangerous virus that can cause internal and external bleeding.
International Union for Conservation of Nature says that Mantas are endangered or vulnerable.  Tell that to Steve Irwin!!
yes there are a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests every year, so famous people are really common
I definitely agree! I just found out that baking has traditionally been done by women at home, and by men in bakeries and restaurants. Kinda sexist but it's nice that it's different now.
I do strength training which is a type of exercise that specializes in using resistance to induce muscular contraction to build my strength up.
I would believe it, their pectoral fins are super delicate too, you can't catch and release them. Humans are demons.
Since you are a baker you must work at a bakery! What a coincidence!
Well if you want to get away from brown hair, why not try an unnatural color like cadet blue or purple?
Speaking of small places, there is a work creation nonfiction that was published 1988 called Small Place. Maybe a book? Do you like to read books?
I know the oceanic ones are the biggest. Dont know how big. The larger ones are the birostris species.
His album the Doggfather went double platinum in 1997
Child care supervision is of importance ,not minding the cost.
I agree, Early child care is an equally important and often overlooked component of child development
I visited Florence in Tuscany to see the birthplace of Renaissance painting.
Yes, and Horseshoe Falls in actually the most powerful waterfall in all of the US!
Also brown hair is very common apparenty in the western world
Baking goes way back. Historically, baking is performed by women at home, and by men in bakeries.
Interesting. I once had someone in my high school who looked very similar to me. I was visiting Africa last summer and learned that 18-30 twin sets are born for every 1000 births!
Well in the Renaissance red was the most popular color. One of the first pigment made by men was red, from ochre
Its not for everyone. Hymns and sacred songs were often repeated over and over again,
Ferrari's first car was recognized in 1947.
Well I'm sure you would hear some piano, bass guitar. It is really an original art form.
Well in school I learned Both modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined at its right to a line going down to the bottom left corner,
Yes, it was def. named after the dutch city. they had a way of trading, called handjeklap. they would clap each others hands while shouting prices.
It's one of the colors that's at the end of the visible spectrum of light, sitting right next to orange, and opposite of violet. Its wavelength is dominant, with nanometres of 625 to 740. So, it's obviously a strong color, which is why some people like it.
I love fettuccine! It is also really popular in Roman and Tuscan cuisine.
Yes I love to bake actually. I love the way you can transform dough into a bread with a firm dry crust and soft center, delicious!
Yes he did! I think he changed it back though. I love the song "Gin & Juice". Do you have a favorite?
Of course! I'd love to, I'm a huge fan of gospel music! It's known for its dominant vocals, strong use of harmony and Christian lyrics. It's really beautiful music.
Oh rock and roll is amazing. It originated during the late 1940s?
True, they are made of water, eggs, and flour mostly.
Along reading the novel, for having more smooth and adventurous experience, i think you may find Mobile Orchestra studio album very enjoyable to listen
It is made from cows milk and is one of the most popular cheeses around!
Essentially for her - she was not able to do daily chores - going to the grocery, using stairs, etc. and rest did not help.
That may be very appealing. Brunettes are pretty as well. Lots of French girls wear pixie haircuts and their hair is a brown :)
Not sure but  in Italy the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary but after about 100 years after it was invented it was eventually brought to the US. I am not sure on the exact date.
Why? The word maid is short for maiden, meaning virgin. Do you know how that evolved into someone cleaning the house?
I know it is considered to be "America's classical music."  But I don't know a lot about it.
Do you teach little kids ROY G BIV? What do you say when they ask what color indogo is?
Well I don't konw for sure, but I imagine that 8 bit binary strings (256 steps) for things like letters didn't crop up until the advent of the transistor in the 20th century.
There's not much to know: eat well, get a lot of exercise  and sleep.
sometimes its an eating disorder
Yes, it's great that brown hair is actually more common in the western parts of the world.
Yes! Red has existed throughout history! The Ancient Egyptians colored their faces red.
Scream is a 1996 American slasher film which you might enjoy I think. Its even more scary.
If not they certainly deserve to be, but I'm not sure.  I'll have to travel up to Cleveland, Ohio to see for myself I guess.  Maybe I'll get lucky and they will be in concert up there at the same time!
I feel it's name is what makes it popular the most. Brands are used in marketing and advertising to make people want to buy them.
The Simpsons huh? I didn't know that. Her show lasted 4 seasons on HBO.
The fact that it was powered by Ferrari's Tipo 168/62 V12 engine. A very powerful engine indeed!
Definitely, things like hot ashes and stones can cook it and kill bacteria.
Oh, Elvis Aaron Presley has many song, I can't name any off the top of my head, though
Harley Davidson was actually originally founded in 1903
Yes. I am Brand Loyal as well.
me too! I love breads made with yeast. it's relatively recent to make bread with yeast
Red usually has a wavelength up to 740 nanometers.
That would definitely help your cousin decrease his likelihood of various diseases and conditions.
They bleached it by washing it in lime and combing it back!  Crazy to think of that happening so long ago.
I think so, I think thats the point, to give them a sneak peak. All I know is I'd love to go to the SDCC sometime, I may have to visit the website for Comic Con International to get more information.
Yeah i have heard some may be sold in a flat bone-shape as well
It's possible, because they did have rudimentary drainage systems in the rooms.
They are measured in nanometers. Usually calculating the frequency of wave repetitions. High frequency means high intensity, thus dominance
Wold you like to know the definition of sobriety?
One feature of Gospel music is dominant vocals with Christian lyrics
I am surprised to hear that. tHe fact that he was a racing driver would make me believe he wanted sports cars.
There are over 310 diffeernt types of pasta known by over 1300 names, so its hard to know what was the first served
Red also a primary color in the RGB color model
One popular musician is Miles Dewey Daves lll he was an american jazz trumpeter
Nice! It's mostly practiced in North America.
Yes they do that even at 2 years old! Twins are the perfect way to study nature vs. nurture.
In the Renaissance, red costumes for the wealthy were dyed with kermes and cochineal.
Not much information .  But jazz is the swing of blue notes, call and response vocals
Ahhh I am not Snoop... lol I am talking about Snoop Dogg!  He is a music artist and performer that came out in 1992 with Dr. Dre on DEEP COVER and THE CHRONIC
Fitness culture is a sociocultural phenomenon which refers to the culture surrounding physical activities
Yes, i like it because Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States
Does she like the flat, bone-shaped ones? Those are my dog's favorite!
Rainbow Brite is a media franchise by Hallmark Cards, introduced in 1983.
That's great, you're making the most important change I think someone can. To me a healthy diet is the most critical factor for one's overall health, you are what you eat after all.
Me too!!! At least a hairdresser has some degree of training. If I can't manage to do it myself, might as well go to somebody licensed for it
In fraternal twins, each twin is fertilized by its own sperm cell
No, unfortunately not. There is no cure and no medications or procedures to treat CFS have been approved in the US.
By the sixth century AD, the Greeks would use ovens heated by wood fires and communities baked in a big ol' communal oven.
did you bleach it to make it blonde?
Avenged Sevenfold started with a metalcore sound.
Significant changes occurred with the discovery of the New World and the introduction of potatoes, tomatoes, bell peppers, maize and sugar beet
They are expensive but worth it, they were rated the most pwerful brand by brand france in 2014
I have to say Miles Davis. It's just jazz is magical because it's considered "America's classical music". Miles is a perfect example of that.
More jokes about arabic numerals such as the number 7? No, I'm afraid that's all I have at the moment.
Color red was very important in history. Only nobility had a red clothes and dresses.
Yes, and obesity makes it more likely to get other diseases and issues. I know many get Diabetes, sleep apnea, depression and others.
How many different types of bread recipes have you made? The ancient Greeks baked hundreds of types of bread
Sure Sixteen Candles and National Lampoons Vacation
And its a very old profession since grains have been a staple food for millennia
yes, it covers a wide spectrum of professionals, institutions, contexts
Wow mom's always take care of the family!!  Sounds like you guys needs a food policy! hahaha
Hmm well doing lots of fitnesscan help your attractiveness, which has mobilized global fitness and fitness equipment industries like Planet Fitness. Have you ever been there?
Then there is that saying , red sky at sunset about the Grand Canyon which is caused by hematite in geological and iron features.
Yes I do love Harry Potter but I'm more into Game of Thrones and medieval fantasy.
I can't find that information but I do know it is a 4 day event
Yea I bet it will be fun. The most common animals in sport are horses and dogs.
Yes, he is funny! He deserved each and every Emmy award won over the years.
Manta rays are very beautiful! They are typically found in warmer subtropical waters.
What is equally unbelieve is that he went from being the owner of a zoo in Australia to being world renowned for his show, the Crocodile Hunter, which aired for 11 years.
Why? Do you not like your hair colour? What colour are you thinking of changing it to?
Definitely! Italian cuisine also influences several cuisines around the world especially the U.S.
It is very bold, it is the manifestation of electromagnetic radiation with the range of wavelengths or simply called light.
Black hair is actually the most common just above brown. My hair is just flat and straight and gets poofy when its humid out.
Brightly colored hair seems to be the new thing lately. It actually looks really good!
I don't but it is important to understand now. Early child care is equally important and often overlooked in child development.
That's incredible, was it a reef manta ray? They're the biggest species out of all of them
Since the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It's been around for a long time.
That's right! They're like human snack food, so we have to be careful we choose healthily, like we would for ourselves
Not sure? Another good one is Invasion of the Body Snatchers from 1959
It was rare - only 39 were made between 1962 and 1964.
I remember holding my brother down and using my N-strike Elite gun and just shooting him until he yelled for our parents.
I have been dieting so I had to cut back. But the store has a lot of variety when it comes to fresh and dried pasta
There are some *amazing* cosplay creations and creators! Do you have a favorite? A specific character or costume?
No just no ageism or the stereotyping and discrimination of individuals based on age.
It would shock you to know that they were just high school kids when they created the characted
I really don't know the answer to that. It's worth remembering though that a 2014 report by the WHO estimated that there were about 3.3 million deaths due to alcohol consumption worldwide.
That's true. Maybe I'll make an appointment! I recently found out that 75% of women and 18% of men have dyed their hair. Isn't that crazy?!
Yeah its a good number.  Comes after 6 and before 8 lol.  What do you like about it? Has it been lucky for you?
I have no idea, but it must be a lot! The founder Enzo Ferrari founded the company in 1939, so think of the inflation!
Yes it can damage hair, it is so interesting 75% of women in some cities like Copenhagen use hair dye
Nice..Yeah I prefer natural hair colors. I usually associate gray and white with age.
I love Target! Its crazy to think that the very first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota way back in 1962, at the same time the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in the year 1967.
Yes, it requires a lot of upper body strength and balance. You must have strong muscles also.
i bet! I actually want to try to make my own fresh pasta fresca
gosh that's so horrible! my father used to be an alcoholic so i'm pretty traumatized, that's why i all for sobriety and i want everybody i care about to be sober
No I haven't but New Orleans surely has changed a lot since the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Science fictions movies have been entertaining audiences since the 1960's.
Yeah, that's true! Around the time of being a baker started Roman bakers started putting honey and oil in bread creating pastries and I'm thankful they did haha
That is good. Obesity increases the likehood you will get diseases.
Same actually. I have a dark red Chevy Cruze and I worry sometimes because of it. I've been lucky so far, knock on wood!
I read in a magazine thatSome manufacturers claim the dry and hard biscuit texture helps clean the dog's teeth
Nope and it was bought by Fiat in 1969 and 1988 for a combined stake of 90 percent.
Maybe just a bit, Just make sure its finely grated before use, and dried up into powder in a large container or a paste also sounds good.
There are 310 specific forms though! That's almost one for every day of the year! Haha!
They are actually filter feeders, so they feed on zooplankton.
I'm not sure, but obesity can even cause osteoarthritis and depression.
For sure! I think most women continue to color their hair to cover gray or white hair.
Yep, ask me anything Harley-Davidson Inc.
Since it is a genre of Christian music I'm not a huge fan myself.
I do love a deep, rich burgandy. I also love red ochre- like the color of iron oxide.
Yes! Yamaha is the largest manufacturer of musical instruments but they also make audio/visual, home appliances, and sporting goods
Well pasta is normally made from wheat flour and usually with eggs, so it is no surprise it would taste a lot different.
Yeah we certainly have a close relationship with dogs. Interestingly, the bread was made from bran and it was called parruna.
Well grains are and have been a food stable for millennia, the baker is actually one of the worlds oldest professions.
Interestingly, the Arabs developed the character from a 6 lookalike into an uppercase V lookalike.
They are measured in the SI unite which is cycles per meter.
I think it's pretty uncommon, but miserable for those who suffer from it. Fortunately tentative evidence supports the use of a new medication, rintatolimod. But not enough evidence for FDA approval. Maybe one day!
that sounds like fun. i like jazz its one of Americas oringinal art forms
Ok, I understand. I know they have a lot of stores in North America and United Kingdom.
It's no wonder after the crazy clown sightings of 2016! By mid-October, evil clown sightings and attacks were reported in nearly every single US state!
I am so glad Ben Silbermann founded Pinterest.
Well I knot there's a larger species that's called M. birostris width wise.
Pasta is divided into two categories dried and fresh . its made in rice flour and wheat
I learned that it was originally the Golden State Comic Book Convention and it is almost fifty years old now.
anorexia is another eating disorder as well
That is is true. It is linked by the common bond of African American and European Americans
commonly used to refer to the variety of pasta dishes, pasta is typically a noodle made from an unleavened dough. you can make a lot of differnet pasta
Oh okay, that's interesting. Computer programming is very rewarding.
Did you happen to see The Killing Joke?  That's an evil clown in that one.  DC went way dark.
Green and blue make up the other two colors of the RGB color model.
I imagine that is true. It's unbelievable there are actually over 310 forms of pasta, with over 1300 names.
Yes! I use flour, egg, and water to form a dough, then flatten it to make strips of pasta
He has sold over 23 million albums.
Hair coloring is very popular now.  75% of women in Copenhagen have used hair dye
Yeah, that's probably the best idea. I'm a bit intimidated by trying to bleach it at home, though. I'd probably just go to a hairdresser at a salon to do it for me.
That's awesome! Do you bake bread too?
Yea I believe she did. All I know is that I love jazz music, and it's been hailed as one of America's original art forms.
Haha, yes they did. However the British invasion in the 1960s was due to counterculture in the United States.
Hi buddy, Most of the people are generally considered obese when their BMI
Colors can have different effects on people - there are whole fields of study about this
There may be.  in French is the feminine form of "brunet," the diminutive of "brun" (brown, brown-haired or dark-haired).
Really! It originates from African-American communities in New Orleans.
What really worries is child obesity, it is becoming more common and it is becoming a serious public health concern.
It uses foods presumed to have only been available during the stone-age. Meat and vegetable, berries, etc.
I am sober too, not for religious reasons. I just prefer to not have any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.
I'm not too versed on whites.  I do know that another popular variety of red is pinot noir, and the grapes are grown in cooler locations.
I think it's called Chronic Fatigue Syndrom, or CFS.  I don't know a lot about it, but it makes people tired for long-term amounts of time.
What's your favorite wine? Red, white or rose wine?
The first mention of Gouda cheese was is 1184!
I'm not sure, but I do know that Enzo Ferrari wasn't initially interested in producing road cars back when he formed Scuderia Ferraria in 1929
Oh definitely, with it's 625 to 740 wavelength. That's approximately the dominant wavelength.
Oh, I doubt that!!  Do you wear the typical "red clown" type of costume with a colorful wig and clothing, exaggerated footwear and distinctive makeup?
You need to take advantage of the indoor structure of showers so I say do what you want!
Pasta can be divided into dry and fresh pasta. Water is added to dry pasta for cooking. My favorite type of pasta is lasagna.
Well, by 1997, more than 16 million were sold so I don't think they could be too hard to come by.
Not San Diego's specifically, but definitely comic-con in general. Definitely not into comic book conventions...you?
They certainly have! Have you ever heard of "cavatelli" pasta? There are 28 different names for that specific pasta depending on what region or town you're in. Isn't that crazy?
Red costumes painted with kermes and cochineal were made for the noble and wealthy during the Renaissance.
Target's failure in the Canadian market was a downturn for them, but they have experienced revitalization lately.
Just getting them in the groove of how things operate, this age is ofter overlooked in the developmental process of child rearing
I play Forza motorsport on my Xbox
I completely agree.  The older that I get, the more afraid of them I become.  One group of clowns that I find frightening is the group Insane Clown Posse.  Have you heard of them?
Yoga combines spiritual, mental and physical practices but you need to add proper nutrition and moderate exercise
Yep, the Aquatic locomotion that is the stoke of the human race has been a sloppy dog paddle as far as tactfulness goes.
I really don't like coloring my hair either.
Im not sure about wealth but I know Fiat S.p.A. acquired 50% of Ferrari in 1969!
Most of the time it is my the occupation such as paratrooper, grenadier, ranger, sniper, engineer, sapper, craftsman,  just to name a few
it's simply aliens invade the Earth either to exterminate human life or harvest people for food, steal the planet's resourses
No I will check it out, for me their is just to many options since their are 310 forms known of pasta.
Interestingly enough, after World War II gospel music really took off! It moved into major auditoriums and the concerts became quite elaborate! I'll bet that was something to see!
Well, you can always color it again, only this time you should consider getting it done professionally by a hairdresser so that she can advise you on an appropriate color!
Well, prehistoric art used ochre, a reddish brown colored type of rock, so quite a long time ago.
PAWS stands for post acute withdrawal syndrome. During this stage recovering addicts usually experience emotional and psychological symptoms. It's due to their brain trying to regain normal function.
It's very old, going all the way back to the Middle Ages. The first recorded mention of it is from 1184.
Yep. That might also be why sometimes people use a horizontal line through the middle of a 7 in handwriting.
Almost 5 million and it was built in 2002.
Oh that was a great album, it was actually the last time all four of the Beatles had a recording session together.
I think I've heard of that, so I think not. Well Carolines on Broadway is one of the most recognized stand-up comedy clubs in the whole US.
Cool, with blue, It lies between violet and green
Well, are you unable to carry out ordinary activities?
"Brun" is actually still used in Scotland, especially in rural areas. I thought that was really interesting!
I don't know many musicians by name, but I love it so much. It's seen as "America's classical music".
In the US no medications or procedures only a little cognitive therapy
No not at all, and there are 310 specific shapes of pasta!
I probably wouldn't. I'm happy with black hair. Although, hair coloring is definitely on the rise, as 75% of women and 18% of men in Copenhagen, for example, have reported dying their hair, if that gives you any indication.
Ancient greeks were first people to have indoor showers. Rather than hot i prefer cold.even indoor as well.
Yes its a four-day event so I usually only dress up for the first day.
Brown hair is the second most common hair color in the world
I like Pokemon as well. Red's first big defeat was when he failed to capture Mew.
I must admit I'm unfamiliar -- I only know that the Witcher Saga is huge -- isn't it a series or about to be?!
What type scooter do you own? As I understand it, a scooter is a type of motorcycle with a step-through frame.
Yes, and it is also an important colour in China - it was used to colour early pottery there.
I don't know. I think he probably was. He just has that persona about him. His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.! Not much of a gangster name!
I sure have. I'm not incredibly familiar with his work as a singer/songwriter, but I really like Snoop Dogg's personality and business sense.
Doing well. I'm just home from my job at the bakery. Do you like to bake?
They would typically use a fire pit or make a clay like stove.  Heat would be transferred from the surface to the breads centre.
Same but both are great italian sports cars
I've tried Greenies, I think they are similar. Would dentastix help with a toothache
Daredevil was actually created by Stan Lee, the owner of Marvel.
Oh I love Target! It's the second largest discount retailer in the US.
The method of cooking baking uses is simply just letting it cook in dry heat so its quite simple, icing, decorating, and mixing is where the real skill comes in.
Well I make a lot of italian food, like pizza or lasagna, especially since it offers an abundance of different tastes.
Both home and gym.We are adviced by Occupational safety and health (OSH),
I find my physical fitness needs more proper nutrition and rest. I love Taco Bell too much.
There are no medications or procedures approved in the United States unfortunately.
I am not sure.  Though I know it has some history.  The original hindus wrote it was a singular stroke then modern arabs changed the form to the distinctive shape it is today.
Yes Ravi Bissambhar  is a Trinidadian chutney musician who makes jazz music!
Not really. Just make sure you have fun and be safe. Enjoy your time at the SDCC when you get to go!
Very true, good child care at that age is so important for the child's future success.
Apparently the original Legally Blonde was a musical based on a book by Heather Hach
Jazz has west african roots and musical expresions
Yep, It's on Broadway between 49th and 50th Street.
Gotcha. I really am not completely up to date witht he UFC or mixed martial arts in general. That being said, I do listen to Joe Rogan.
I also have a dark brown hair. Brown hair is actually the second most common color, of black being first.
In Rome, big households had their own bakers
I'm not sure. Red has been loved throughout history. Ancient Egytians and Mayans coloured their faces red in ceremonies; Roman generals had their bodies colored red to celebrate victories.
The name of the color model RGB derives from the primary colors being used Red, Green, and Blue
Well I have heard In the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J
Clowns are very interesting and oftentimes come with different costumes and performances. I enjoy them.
It can be done by professional wine tasters, called sommeliers, or by buyers for retailers
Oh, you're probably thinking of the light purple, or violet.  This is a dark plum brown that only shows purple in the sun and then a very deep shade.  Covers gray well.
Yes, I see that two specific people in Belgium spearheaded the beginning of jazz as well. It sounds like jazz was started in plenty of places. Is jazz still a strong genre today?
Lately my wife and I have been apart for work related reasons, I decided to take on eudaimonic perspective, in psychology it's the concept of a "good life", living according to greatest values in life, and thought to myself the stress motivation can help me finish up working faster and come back to my wife while appreciating I have a job.
Oh yes, they are, even though they were rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014. Isn't it scary to think of such a car with all that raw power out on the roads?!
Was that also produced by Dre? I know Gin and Juice was.
Alcohol is a psychoactive substance that is the active ingredient in beer, wine, and hard liquor. The chemical name is ethanol.
My husband would probably have a heart attack too :) But hair coloring is so popular, 75% of women color their hair!
Yeah , another interesting fact is that the Easter Arabs developed the 7 from a 6 lookalike the number looked like a capital V
Yes it is, and there is huge money spent on it, like $1.9 billion in 2011
Oh yeah, that's why you cook things at such hot temperatures on these stones and ashes.
I spend around $40 every time I do it (probably once every other month). It's no wonder the home coloring has reached almost 2 billion dollars in the US.
Have you tried ethnic cuisines such as Thai, Uruguayan or Arab? Uruguayan diet is based on poultry, and fish
I really feel for those obessed,is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.
well something like Horace Walpole would write such as the 1974 novel The castle of Otranto - A Gothic Story
Interplanetary spaceflight normally requires a suitable launch window. I'll have to check my model solar system that I made for 3rd grade science fair.
I wish i grew up in the jazz age in the 1920s when it became known as a major form of musical expression
Cool, I do also! I found out it means "little tongues" in Italian? Pretty neat!
It's a tv show that's animated on the Cartoon Network!
There's a lot definitely! It depends on the region where its made, with different shapes and types being popular to a specific region.
The trumpet is used. Swing and blue notes come up often.
The birthrate of twins in the US rose 76% from 1980 to 2009
I don't know what your reasons must have been. Anyways,   a primary reason is to cover gray or white hair, to change to a color regarded as more fashionable or desirable
It's amazing!  It was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014!
It has been linked to Africa, America, Europe independently, which a different style coming from each area.
In the Renaissance days it was used on the costumes for nobility and the wealthy, so it seems that it's been around an extremely long time for different uses.
I love how Jazz is characterized by those swing and blue notes and all of the improvisation.  It truly stands apart from other genres.
Its more on the vegetarian side but does have meat. Many ingredients have medicinal benefit as well as good flavor and smells.
Do you have children? Child care is an action or skill looking after children by a day care center, nannies or baby sitters.
For example France.There o;obesity is a health issue
Are you talking about Center for the Performing Arts on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City, I didn't know that!
At least nowadays, dog biscuits tend to be hard and dry, manufacturers claim that is to keep dog teeth clean.
yea and reds range from yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to blusish-red crimson, and vary is shade from the pale red pink to the dark red burgundy
I'm still working on getting better proper nutrition (Cheetos get me) but moderate vigorous exercise feels great
Thats pretty neat, my favorite album from Snoop Dogg has to be Doggy style, which was released on November 23, 1993,.
Sadly it is pollution that kills most of them. Also the chinese use them in most medicines. There gills have good properties for healing.
Manta Rays are very extraordinary creatures with their triangular pectoral. I hope one day I will finally go scuba diving and swim along one too
Over six million cubic feet  of water goes over the crest of the falls every minute.
I just like black hair because it is the most common of hair colors.
I'm not sure if they are at risk, but they are definitely protected by the Convention of Migratory Species of Wild Animals.
Big time. Especially REM sleep.  REM is known as the restorative part of our sleep cycle.
Wow, you sound like the pasta expert here. There are different names that very depending on the locale in Italy. But I'll definitely check out the ones you mentioned thank you!
It really is, and how it is different in other languages. Eastern Arabs made the 7 from a 6. It kinda looks like an uppercase V.
Well its when you Body mass index (BMI) is at a certain level. I'm glad i'm not there although i am considered overweight.
Yes, there is a pale red pink out there.
Well, you can bake sourdough bread, but it tastes almost as bad as that Kimchi you mentioned!
They used to do this naturally by washing it in lime and combing it back.
Since the 1920s Jazz Age, jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression
I am not too familiar with the fat acceptance movement. Obesity is terrible for your health, so why accept it?
Not really it can be troublesome .  fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest,
I'm not a big fan of gospel music, or really any type of Christian music.
sobriety is also considered to be the natural state of human being given at birth
I used to engage in military combat on foot.
Yea it was a one of a time experience! Mantas are found in warm temperate waters as well as tropical
That is really cool, I have heard Greg Kot say "rock and roll" refers to a style of popular music originating in the U.S
Well i have read that sobriety is the achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol
its also an important color in china. they used it to color pottery with.
Me too!  I always made such a mess!  Interestingly, there were  $1.9 billion in sales of at home coloring in the U.S. 2011!
I wouldn't call it any particular diet like keto or low-fat really. I just stick to whole unprocessed foods and try to eat a good amount of legumes, nuts, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and a bit of meat,eggs,dairy to fill the rest. I consider that to be "proper" nutrition.
Not bad for a guy who got 14 top 10 singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
I agree! You know there are early signs of Egyptians having indoor shower rooms where servants would bathe them?
Chewing dry hatd thing can clean the teeth somehow.  Dog biscuit usually are sold in a flat bone shape.
He was famous for his compositions in ragtime and was called the "King of Ragtime" which indicates his success!
It did! And classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars. but now we usually add a bass to the group.
Muscle growth should be faster if you increase the weight until muscle failure instead of reps.
I'm not sure but their field is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease,
hair coloring is either done at home or at salon/professional
Well they said he developed an instrumental style known as "cool jazz". It did sound pretty cool!
Yeah, it's called color psychology, it refers to the study of how hues are a determinant of human behavior.
In Italy specific pasta shapes are indictitve of the region in which a person lives
It has a familial past where women and some men make things in bakeries and restaruants for local consumption
It is a very popular attraction,  more than six million cubic feet (168,000 m) of water goes over the crest of the falls every minute.
Rose might be the oldest known type of win, as it is the most straightforward to make with the skin contact method
I don't think so. i think a lot of people like the idea of aliens contacting Earth and observing it either to invade or sometimes help humans
That's the same as mine actually. It makes sense that brown hair is so common since it is very common in western populations.
Well using yeast is only a recent thing.
I think it looks nice especially for the desire to look more fashionable.
Snoop Dogg also has sold over 23 million albums since then. And that is just in the United States alone.
Not much information on that but it is one of the most popular cheese's world wide.
That could be an option especially when No medications or procedures have been approved by the FDA
I really enjoy ragtime. Jazz really has roots there from their culture.
It can be played in guitar, and drums. It's characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals. Its very fun.
I'm not sure.  But since it has such a temperate and Mediterranean climate, it is really great for growing grapes.  I guess that's why it's always been known for it.
Soldier ranks include trooper, marine, sniper, ranger, and medic.
Red is a good color, but I think I prefer pink, which is similar. I never knew it was named after a flower of the same name!
There are numerous variations of the color along the spectrum. Potentially thousands!
Yes, you absolutely can, and it tastes wonderful that way! Likewise, you can always bake your meats to make them more tender rather than fry them, etc.
Not sure! But I know of a charcter named lucky on the show general hospital. the characters name is lucky spencer. cool name, huh?
That would be correct.  Each egg has its own sperm cell
Obesity is preventable with proper diet and social and personal choices
She isn't, but I'll definitely pass on the suggestion! She said the first physical effects of withdrawal were tough, but the second stage, PAWS, might be worse!
I think I might want a Diablo! It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni"
Well you can do it yourself, or you can go to a professional hairdresser.
It's hard to say. However, radio stations have much success playing classic rock and roll, which is a sub genre that usually has one or two electric guitars, a double bass or string bass or electric bass guitar, and a drum kit.
It takes some practice to make. Because the heat slowly is transferred from the outside to the inside, it's hard to tell if they are cooked all the way through sometimes.
Yes I do. The act of fitness before the industrial revolution was looked at as the ability to complete a days activities without being fatigued.
Is mainly based off a persons symptoms, so age does not appear to matter.
Those are some nice cars they are manufacturer in Maranello.
Not forgetting blood is red too. That's to tell you how important the color is
the color red has a wavelength of approx. 625-740 nanometres
Ferrari's were founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari, and the first car arrived in 1940.
Do they have brown and/or auburn hair too?
For fraternal twins each twin is fertalized by its own sperm cell.
Yes! He is one of the best selling jazz artists of all time. Over 150 million records!
I agree, but sometimes it can be done independently within the home.
It can be biological or infections or genetic. Tests must be performed to find out the cause.
Yeah I've definitely seen some really dark brown hair to the point that it looks black.
In the sky, yes. In general Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange.
Mostly it's long-term fatigue that rest does not help. No one knows the cause.
was a typo he actually sold 35 million worldwide. i cant say about his most popular but d-ggystyle the album sold millions of copies in its first week of release being platinum certified 4 times. it spawned several hit singles like whats my name and gin & juice.
Thats great!  Jazz is a music genre that originated in the african-american communities
Do you have any special techniques to make sure the cakes and brownies heat thoroughly?
Did you participate in cosplay? What is your character of choice?
Well, for example, you'll see red in the sky at times due to the Rayleigh scattering, and you'll see red in the Grand Canyon and other geological features because of hematite or red ochre, which come from iron oxide. These are just a couple of examples, but red is very present in nature.
you should know Obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases and conditions,
Wheat barley rye oats
It would cost a lot if I had it done professionally, but I do it myself so it isn't too bad. As a guy, how much does it cost you?
I will usually pair it with tomato sauce. Lately I've started making my own sauce. Each pasta dish is defined by the type of noodle, sauce, and cooking style.
1920s was a jazz age so I really like it. 20s and 30s jazz.
Well, one of the obvious ones is using an oven but you can also bake on hot ashes/stones.
Yes, do you like baked goods, or are you a gluten free dieter?
Well Spaghetti is just a long, thin, solid type of pasta. So its just the same thing but thinner that other pastas.
Oh yeah! There was soft rock, glam rock and thrash metal that was very popular in the 80's as well.
Yes, oven have been around since 29,000 BC.
I didn't know that is why they wore red great fact to know. Did you that Ancient Egyptians colored their face red to celebrate victories.
I bet you're right! Maybe no eating disorfer lol, just water weight for giant watermelons.
Very cool!  Comic Con is an entertainment and comic convention held every year in San Diego, Ca.
I'm not sure but the 1980s also  saw  R&B, hip hop and urban genres  becoming commonplace,
Me too! Actually, red pigment is one of the first colors that was used way back in prehistoric times.
I havent seen their financial records but the Target Corporation is listed on the S&P Index.
They're often referred to as "brunette" which in french is the feminine from of "brunet", the diminutive of "brun" (brown)
Brown hair can look great on older people as well. I always thought that light colored hair shows the grey more.
I really like baking croissants.  They are layered with butter, rolled, and placed on a sheet.
Well the idea that obese people can eat little and still gain weight due to metabolism is generally not supported, thankfully.
I also like red buddy, I have more red colour dresses
That's so true. And daycare is typically an ongoing service during specific time periods like when you need to work.
I think I prefer blue but red is one of my favorite colors, even light red.
They are listed as endangered by International Union for Conservation of Nature
They werent recognized as a auto manufacturer till 1947 tho
It was great, I was what you would call an infantryman in the ranks.
Any kind of physical activity can help. Walking and swimming are good types of exercises for obese people
Me too! Target was founded in Minnesota which is where I'm from. Everyone around here loves Target.
Me too, dark brown hair. But it also varies from light brown as well.
I would love to one day, just the known history goes back almost 11,000 years!
I don't live on a reservation because I am not a Native American and thus I cannot fall under their policy to be encouraged to civilize with them.
Even VH1 was awesome. I believe they were launched in the mid 80's
That is just how they wrote. The western Ghubar Arabs' made it more diagonal than straight to kind of differentiate it.
Same here, red has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.
Thor is an interesting superhero> I think his hammer was welded by the gods!
Yes, we need patience. Then you end up with baked goods, with a delicious crust and soft centers from those batters and dough mixtures.
There's so many shades to choose from lol. I like all of them from pale red to dark red burgundy. I think my favorite is vermillion, though.
Yes they certainly are powerful! However he actually has a pretty good approval rating as far as I know, he also has helped our state budget stay in surplus though his policies.
have you seen the film Lone Survivor?
yea, im working on letting my grow out, seems like the longer it gets the less it is affected by humidity and such
Yes, in the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the nobility and wealthy so it did have meaning.
Hah, if your company is willing to pay for an electric car, you should definitely go for it. Would probably save you a ton of money in the long run. Better for the environment too because of the batteries and solar panels.
I just to be of service to others. I have to work hard though as medical practice properly requires both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines
Well, the western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character more rectilinear.
Well Python is object oriented in the same way that C++ is. But my impression of Python is that it is easier to use, but less efficient (in use of computer resources) to run.
Jazz spread all over the world, which created many different national and regional variations in the style. There's really too many to count!
I liked destinys child but never got into her solo records
I work in surgery, so I guess I like red because of the hemoglobin in blood.
Actually brown hair is common in the Western world such as Central Europe, Southeastern Europe, Eastern Europe, Southern Europe, Southern Cone, the United States, and also some populations in the Greater Middle East where it transitions smoothly into black hair.
Oh, neat! What shade of red is your favorite? Red can be scarlet, crimson, or even pink in shade.
I wouldn't go as far as saying I need to do a 12 step program for food addicts but I for sure need to padlock the cookie jar. I was slightly underweight but that's not a concern anymore. I've gain 15 this past year.
I love its long and thin shape of spaghetti.
I really do like Batman movies. The Dark Knight is an all-time great. I haven't seen the new Batman vs. Superman movies though.
Absolutely not. Sobriety means you don't have any measurable effects from alcohol, so being sober means you're healthier.
Yeah. The company eventually became Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains.
It has to do with breads and other products made using an oven
Brown hair is this shade due to having high levels of the dark pigment eumelanin, and lower levels of the light pigment pheomelanin.
Another parasite which was used to make red dye is the kermes, made in a similar way as cochineal.
I used to play guitar, but not rock and roll - classical. I'd love to get an electric lead guitar and learn to play that!
You can also write 7 with a horizontal line in the middle, but this is usually excluded in computer fonts
Yeah sometimes I have a habit of overeating which I assume it should be an eating disorder. What's your idea?
Red is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light
There is no difference in the person who bakes, it all depends on their skills for a unique taste, a person who bakes as a profession is called a baker
I like the green apples as well have you tried the fuji apples they are very round about 75mm in diameter and very juicy and sweet.
Yes you can go to any harley store and buy hats Tshirts, Cups and mugs.
Uhmnnn!The larger species, "M. birostris", reaches in width while the smaller.
Trump Tower in downtown Chicago?
It's speed and sleek design!  Even its history is great.  In 1962, the Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history.  And in 2014, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand!  So, those are just a few reasons, I have many more.  Do you know much about the Ferrari?
My dad has TWO - but I like the basic Wrangler sport utility - top down and sun shining!!
Yes and no, if you had it I'm sure you would want medication for it, there is tentative evidence that supports the use of rintatolimod.
I bet your kitchen smells wonderful!  You could certainly call yourself a baker since you prepare all the yummy baked goods!
I'm not one yet but I training to be one. I'm still deciding on which disease categories, types of patients and methods of treatment I'd like to specialize in.
It's a genre of popular music that came about in the United States around the late 40s/early 50s, from African American musical styles, like gospel, jump blues, jazz, boggie woogie, and with some country music thrown into the mix!
Nothing beats going outside for a jog, getting that good sunlight and fresh air. But physical fitness isn't achieved through exercise alone,  fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition. Do you eat healthily?
Do you get called a brunette with your brown hair?  That's a pretty common way to refer to those with brown hair like you have.
Wine tasting has been around since the 14th century.  I really love wine so a wine tasting course would be fun.
Rainbows  always appear in the section of sky directly opposite the sun.
Yes, I enjoy Fettuccine pasta. I think it's the best with Alfredo sauce. What other pastas do you like?
snoop dog is very famous as a singer actor and rapper
did you ever feel nervous or unsafe? I would be worried about drowning like Ben McDaniel.
The character was created by writerYes I agree, Superman was created by Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster
It is because that is actually where jazz originated, in the black communities of New Orleans.
Do you have any Wal-Mart stores where you can buy nutritional stuff?
Yes.  And Italy has a lot of regional diversity in their food with all sorts of sauces
New Wave was similar to Punk Rock but also included electronic elements, Tears for Fears is an example.
No problem! Just know that it is an imperfect art as many studies have shown inconsistencies in blind wine tasting studies
Yeah, like when metals get rusty. They can be yellow, deep orange, brown, all through that range.
You can do it at home or it can be done professionally.
Red is apparently quite an important color as it was made from ochre and one of the first colors used in prehistoric art.
It is the 2nd most common hair color!
The are really cool.  They have large mouths, horn fins and triangle shaped pectoral fins
I learned in class that  a baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads and other products
My favorite house in Hogwarts is Griffindor yourself?
I know what you mean. Also, wine tasting has been around since ancient times.
Not for sure as there are lots of popular ones: Shrek, Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, and The Boss Baby. Also many more good movies.
That's right. He's a rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer born in 1971.
Its only of the most iconic Italian sports car company in the world and makes all their cars in Maranello, Italy.
The idea has been known as far back as Leonardo daVinci in the 15th Century.
Do you like the Beach Boys? They're from 1961.
I know what you mean. Certain foods can be addicting too. and that is the compulsive consumption of a high fat and high sugar food or foods which activate a reward center in the brain
I guess nothing about Youtube is surprising nowadays since its so commonplace. You probably already know about  video blogging, short original videos, and educational videos on it?
Do you agree with the statement "the natural state of a human being given at a birth"?
I agree, manual labor was the primary form of completing physical work, so nowadays people try to make up for the lack of physical jobs by exercising.
No I haven't, but I'd love to visit sometime. Especially to see where they built their first car in the Alfa Romeo race division.
Obesity is a serious problem that affect many people all over the world
The Italians always have been known for diversity in their cuisine so you have lots of sauces to choose from.
It would have been nice to have been rich in Rome.  The large households often had their own baker
Its a big business.global alcoholic drink industry exceeded $1 trillion in 2014
Ive been getting really good at baking. I have even baked things using hot stones and hot ashes, but that is not the most common method. Normally I just bake in the oven.
They sold much much more that just motorcycles, and also have a large overseas market.
Hopefully they don't lead to any allergies with the dogs diet.
I was interested to find out that on the Wednesday prior to the official opening, guests for all 4 days can attend a "Preview Night" and walk the exhibit hall before the convention begins. How cool!
Definitely! It is commonly caused by lack of activity, excessive food intake and genetics.
Based upon location in Italy pasta pasta shapes or types often differ.
Sure, it would interest you to know that in China ,dyeing with plants, barks and insects has been traced back more than 5,000 years.
I believe I am, thank you! My mother doesn't like it. She believes the main reason for hair coloring should be only to cover gray or white hair.
Now they are made in York, Pennsylvania; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Kansas City, Missouri; Manaus, Brazil; and Bawal, India.
It was created by someone using dough with water or eggs. They then decided to cook out. What a great discovery!
Cavatelli is small pasta shells made from a semolina dough with no eggs and they look like little itty bitty hot dog buns.
A lot of others think that mars is the 6th planet from the Sun lol, It being the second-smallest planet in the Solar System you would think they would remember that.
Well sometimes I combine baking with grilling to produce a hybrid of chicken!
It's considered America's classical music, but I feel like there are many classical musicians in the present day that may resent that.
Yes I do, modern clowns like me are strongly encouraged to use fancy clothes and make up to become more colorful.
Me too, physical fitness is really about eating right, getting the proper amount of rest and vigorous exercise
I've heard it has something to do with some sort of Rayleigh scattering. I wonder what causes the red color of the Grand Canyon.
I am not sure, but red is a important color in China.
I have been on the new York side of the falls, in Niagara County
the blood in your veins is colored red because of your protein hemoglobin
Well there used to be a recognized system that people thought was concrete surrounding wine testing.  But recently scientists have been exploring the objective parameters of the human olfactory system.
Indeed! For example, historicall, ancient egyptians and mayans colored their faces red in ceremonies while roman generals had red colored bodies to celebrate victories
Maybe it was the famous Austrailian rugby is David Campese
The most common baked item is bread. Do you bake other things besides cakes?
I made my debut at Carolines on Broadway
i dont think, it is common among Australian Aborigines and Melanesians
If you've never heard of the Yoruba people, you should have!  They have 45-50 twin sets per 1000 live births and they believe this is all due to the consumption of a certain yam that contains estrogen.
I thought so too! Calvin Jr.! His got his start in music after being discovered by Dr. Dre in 1992. That's how he was able to make an appearance on Dre's album, The Chronic.
Its one of the most famous comedy clubs in the country
It also one of my favourite colour .my daughter also likr this color. It first used in late 17th century
It sure is!  I'd rather get it done at the hair dresser whenever I want to change to a color regarded as more fashionable
It does actually! The Yoruba people have the highest around the world. they have about 45 sets per 1000 births.
Indeed it did.  In the late 19th and early 20th Century.  It developed from blues as well.
Speaking of Hair, have you ever seen the musical?
Today, hair coloring is very popular, with 75% of women and 18% of men
its good that sobriety is also considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth
Well the space a baker works in is called a bakery naturally.
I am a christian and I love gospel music because it is a genre of christian music.
The doctors say that there is not a cure, but other people with this find that activity regimens and physical therapy help.
It's probably because blood is red, so when people see it, they're like "STUFFS GOING DOWN" and just the color in general.
yes I am, i work in a bakery
I don't know to be honest! Yamaha and Kawasaki both are very popular motorcycle brands. But Harley-Davidson also makes merchandise, home decor, ornaments and accessories.
No cures but treatment includes changes to exercise and diet
I do know it is a bit in Scotland because they call it "brun"
I like it a lot since it's really relaxing to listen to. You can definitely tell that it came from the African-American communities in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in America.
Yes, the store was founded by George Dayton.
I know of Johnny Cash I have seen him in movies he is a worldwide best selling music artists what's your favorite song from him?
Maybe the new trend towards things can be eaten with your hands, like street food...it's all okay with me, I love to eat.
Well that is a good point, but kids can also be taken care of by their siblings or legal guardians too.
Mine too! Its been known that since 1977, the muppeteer eric jacobson has been centered as berts performance on sesame street
Yes just cupcakes and cookies. That banana bread is sure good with those mashed bananas.
Yes, type 2 diabetes is a long term metabolic disorder. Hopefully they will not have that.
I bet because it is one of the most popular cheeses worldwide.
Yea its not my favorite, Gospel music is a type of Christian music
I don't think Spock, the character in Star Trek, speaks Spanish without his translator!
Obesity is most commonly caused by a combination of excessive food intake, lack of physical activity, and genetic inherited
I have not. The Comic Con is a four day event held at the San Diego Convention Center.
Where were you in the water when you encountered the ray? I know they are found in temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.
No, i prefer Stargate SG-1
topic map
Highlights, maybe. But as far as *changing* my color by dyeing it -- I haven't been tempted yet! But it's nice to know there are options!
Oh lots! It's a common haircolor of people from Europe and the US and also some populations in the Greater Middle East.
Oh well there is a Comic-Con International convention, WonderCon, in Anahein, and the Alternative Press Expo, in San Francisco.
I'm not to big on rock and roll especially not heavy metal but I like when it is mixed in blues records and country records.
I remember making my younger brother watch the Scream movie back in 1996
Well thats good color to be a fan of as it is at the end of the visable spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet
Bread is normally prolonged in dry heat, typically in an oven.  It can also be made in hot ashes or on hot stones.
I just love mines with chunky tomatoes mixed with meatballs and mushrooms.
In fact I was afraid of Manta Rays, but after reading The "Warriors" which is a novel by Erin Hunter, i found myself more courageous and bold to face my fears. Highly recommend it
Yes, child care providers are actually the first teachers a child has
Me too, I just love to form it into cool shapes and top it with sweet icing for dessert.
One sold for more than $3 million dollars in 2014, it was a 9.0 grade
Yes; I actually replace the wine with white grape juice in my cooking.  Sparkling wine is another style of wine that is used basically with carbon dioxide.  It makes it all fizzy and fun!
My brother! soldiers" are referred to by names or ranks which reflect an individual's military occupation  so the use a lot of titles.
I know that cold water would help with pain relief.
The two oldest ones are barley and rye, ant two more recent and wheat and oats. Overall, Nordic bread culture is considered to be pre-historic
It was founded by George Dayton, their headquarters are in Minneapolis Minnesota.
Pssh...Bro I have two of those Italian sports car's.
What was the name of the evil clown from American Horror Story?  That made it clear to me I was right to mistrust them.
That is interesting. Our hair is more common around the western world especially around Central Europe.
That's so nice of you! Dogs love those hard biscuits, it's like how humans love snack food!
A Healthy BMI is always in accordance to dividing persons weight by their height, if its over the range, they are overweight.
Right, Have you ever looked at mars? the insane amount of Iron oxide on it gives the red color to the planet, A lot of people thing its sand lol.
How was it staying by the Lake Michigan that is one of the greatest lakes in the United States?
That is good you have a healthier diet. Your child is at a higher risk of having type 2 diabetes.
Yeah, if anything it is meant to cover gray or white hair.
Not yet, but I plan on going soon to get a good nutrition plan and find out how to increase my physical activity.
Bridal is located on the American side in NY.   The Canadian side is beautiful, as well.
He was discovered by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut, "Deep Cover
I do not know much more but the headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Well not to many because i do it with a professional hairdresser! so its very expensive, i had it red and orange before
That is difficult and if you don't have resources for a quality daycare, it can really impact children's futures. I think people really disregard how important development is for young children
Do you have long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily activites ?
Yes I love using prolonged dry heat to make cookies!
Yeah you right bunless you buy singles to get it in 7 most odd numbers are prime numbers anyways  when even numbers like 6 is composite.
Not really, but I do know that jaxx has been around since the 1920s.
red colour of blood comes from protein hemoglobin, while ripe strawberries, red apples and reddish autumn
It seems that they are filter feeders and eat large quantity of zoopankton.
Yeah and it doesn't go away in fact no medications have been approved in the United States.
Some of them were clean shaven, but some shaved everything except for a shaggy mustache.
Well, sobriety is the condition of not having any effects from alcohol. I know I don't relish the times when I'm sober, haha
Black is the absence of color, so no approximation of the color will be found
Yes, I voluntarily enlisted.
Can you believe the city near Niagara Falls was occupied by Native Americans?
The fatigue you experience is not  due to strenuous ongoing exertion and it is  not much relieved by rest neither was it due to a previous medical condition.
same here i love the ferrari.  Recently i found out the Ferrari is an italian sports car?
Jerry Siegel who created Superman was very adventurous in giving this character such powers. None others can match to him
The different types of grapes produce different styles of wine.
Black is the most common hair color and I am not sure about the third, probably blonde.
yeah i do mine at home also. this is a neat fact i never knew, at home coloring in the us reached 1.9 billion in 2011!
That's er year! I do it at home. I have to do it every few weeks to cover those grays
That's true. Day cares are even all around the world in places like the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
Are you wanting it to cover gray hair or as a fashionable statement?
I am in the USA . Target established itself as the highest earning in the Dayton-Hudson division
Interesting, I didn't know that, thanks! I typically get traditional pasta, like fettuccine, with Alfredo sauce. What about you?
I have no idea who those characters are. If I dressed in cosplay, I would definitely be sailor moon--probably the only anime I ever watched
Well the Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer store in all of the US.
It is sad, most food we eat is so processed, It is not hard to use an oven and bake food in it
I have never been in one, but they are nice. The Italians really do the most beautiful job with sports cars.
Such informal care should only include verbal guidance and other consequences for behavior and keeping an eye out but abuse that's just not right and the place is still open.  Thanks  Glad he's out of there.
It is a primary color which is in the RGB color model.
Yes i do especially when the dog biscuit was criticized as particularly bad bread
Absolutely. The most common cause of obesity is a combination of excessive food intake and a lack of exercise.
Enzo Ferrari, the reator was actually a pro racer himse,lf he founded the Scuderia Ferrari Grand Prix team
Kona in Hawaii! Manata Rays are large rays with triangular pectoral fins!
1 and 7 are very similar, it's important to distinguish the upward stroke of the 7 glyph from the long upward stroke in the glyph for 1
Well, it's pretty common in Europe and the U.S., as well as a few other places. I live in Canada and see brown-haired people all the time!
So they are similar to whales as in they breach, but no one really knows why!
Yes, Physicians may focus their practice on certain disease categories
Hematite is iron oxide and is widespread in rock and soil.
I had mono as a child, but if I understand correctly the cause of CFS is not completely understood.
Well child care is very important in developing a child's emotional and social development,
So Manta Rays are direct relatives of stingrays (in the same family "Myliobatiformes") but lack the stinger.
Yep, It's a musical based in the 60's.
I think so, the main purpose of the RGB color model is for the sensing, representaion and display of images in electronic systems.
Child care is a broad topic
Yeah it's great and was originally founded in Minnesota in 1902
That's cool! Red is a primary color and is the complementary color of cyan.
A lot of people get married there as it is a great place for wedding pictures and honeymoons.
Yes.  And straight men find women in red more attractive, while it has no effect on women when men wear red
Yes, sorry I wasn't specific. Apparently they belong to the genus "Manta".
I'm sure you're right about that, he's definitely worked with a lot of other artists. I like his second album called Tha Doggfather a lot.
Oh wow that's a lot of effort. Are the biscuits hard an dry from the bakery still or do they have a different texture?
I love pasta, it is such a versatile food! I really enjoy Italian food for its great flavors, and of course, it involves lots of pasta!
Yes I have. I originated in the early 20th century in New Orleans communities! Who do you like?
I know it is a single which was released on July 4, 2000.
I am not sure because it depends by area since each shape is dependent on where it comes from
well its a biolgoical, generic, infections and psychological mechanisms have been proposed, but the cause is not understood
Haha yeah. To give and example, the shape "cavatelli" has 28 known names, depending on where it's made.
Yes I love CC, San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention
They were first given the name in 1868 by an Australian Museum director, they are relatively docile too.
I saw "It" and I'm pretty sure how I feel about clowns.
Cyan ( or ) is greenish-blue
I dont see anything about his favorite number, but i know he wa born in 1985. nothing to do with the number 7 though :/ he was cast in 93 for the show.
Electric cars have electric motors compared to gas powered ones, but that's the only difference I can think of. Plus, you don't have to fill up all the time.
A bakery in New York City. Baking is an ancient activity as grains have been a staple food for thousands of years.
Obesity increases the likelyhood of other conditions. I'm glad you lost the extra weight.
Yes, independent home hair styling can be tough, and takes much skill
Cavatelli of Italy is known for making pasta-like dishes depending on region and town.
I agree. The company has been around since 1939.
Sometimes it is cause of eating disorders so you have to be careful of that too
Iron oxide also gives the red color that mars has.
Red is a great color. It is one of the primary colors on the RGB color model.
Yup! Ferrari was rated in 2014 as the most powerful brand by Brand Finance! Its a iconic logo and car for most people in the world. What is your favorite brand of car?
Most brown hair can vary to a black or dark brown sometimes.
Ferrari was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. Their first car was finished in 1940.
I'm a big fan of the Iceman. Kimi Raikkonen, the Finn in the Ferrari.
Well there are drug rehabilitation centers, which help people process their dependency for substances, but other than that there's no magic drug to make you sober.
They were rated the most powerful brand by Brand Finance in 2014 it would be awesome to drive such a powerful car
I dont think it is a ton since the are so expensive! but In 2014, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand in the world
All sports! It's achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.
I believe that some San Diengans named Shel Dorf, richard Alf, Ken Krueger and Mike Towry started it
I also enjoy the practice of changing my hair color. Currently my hair is red and gray and the rest of my body hair purple.
Usually lucky numbers is determined by us by a certain sieve from it being natural. Do you b buy things in groups of 7?
Oh well, there is no big deal about doing this. About  $1.9 billion was spent for this alone  in 2011 in  USA
I'm sure those sunsets were brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion. The most beautiful red.
No it actually wasn't we went in June it was more so windy and very wet the waterfall was very powerful the raincoats didn't really help.
Yes I do, the eastern arabs actually developed the character for 7 by using an uppercase V and rotating it
Anything on a stick, or rolled up- crepes, spring rolls- that doesn't need a fork!
Yeah! Spagetti is a long, thin, solid, cylindrical pasta
yes I have but the reason was  to cover my white  hair
I have no idea. I always assumed they were all grey like whales. They are almost similar. They too breach for no reasons that are unknown.
yes maybe, because  It is characterized by higher levels of the dark pigment
Well all i know is that it is comparatively rare and we do not have a cure   with treatment being symptomatic.
Let me say this first:  the difference between gospel and hymns is that hymns are sung in a call and response fashion, whereas gospel has one voice.
That must be a good memory. I wouldnt call myself a baker though since I am no professional. I do enjoy doing it in my spare time. It also makes my friends happy.
Ferrari was founded by Enzo in 1939.
Both dried and fresh pasta come in a number of shapes and varieties, with 310 specific forms known variably by over 1300 names
Another couple of interesting examples of red... one notable galactic example is Mars, which is also red because of iron oxide. And then there's your own blood! It's red from the hemoglobin protein in it. Anthocyanins give the red color to strawberries, red apples, and red autumn leaves.. Red is all around us, in little details of our lives.
Yes, the RGB color model is an additive color model.
Yeah, it would be a pain to put color in every day.  Sounds fun!  I love seeing colors like that in people's hair and I even love the gray styles that are so fashionable these days.  Me, I need to dye my gray hairs I'm getting and I'm too young to be getting them!
Well; making wine is known as oenology, and one who makes wine is called a vintner.  I hope those are fun facts!  LOL.
Yeah that's hard.  But it's important to still focus on your well-being, happiness and contentment and making most of this experience in such a situation.Besides, it makes the relationship stronger.
That's pretty awesome. More people are doing it. In the US, at home coloring reached $1.9 billion in 2011. That's a lot of dye.
Interestingly, in 2016 sales for home coloring kits were close to $2.2 billion!  So you're probably not the only one to choose a, shall we say, unfortunate color!
I'm not sure, but they had some major public issues back in 2010 when there was a huge security breach for the customer's credit card data in Canada. But, the US Target's did better.
Do you ever put honey on it? Ancient Roman bakers used honey and oil in their bread products. That sounds so delicious
They're North-northwest of Buffalo, between there and Toronto, Canada.
I would say the most common ones such as pies or tarts.  They are good for newbies
The color  can  be anything  from light brown to almost black hair.
Yes, me too, it is funny to think that before the industrial revolution fitness was defined as being able to go through the day's activities without fatigue, I guess that was before we sat on out rears on a computer working
Some Asian countries has lower level and sure United States is the biggest country  than suffers from obese people
No not really.  Hair strength can be maintained though through hair care routines.  Just vary your routine according to the physical characteristics of your hair!
But the dominant wavelength of red is approximately 625–740. That's impressive!
Target Corporation was founded by george dayton in minnesota
Yeah that is certainly what you go there for. In fact, during peak tourist times more than 6 million cubic feet of water goes over the falls.
I oddly spent some time learning about the number, because I like it too. Eastern Arabs developed 7 from a 6 lookalike into an uppercase v lookalike.
Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance. In the year 2014
Mostly the fatigue that is not warranted or due to strenuous ongoing exertion
yea you may want to talk to your doctor as evidence supports the use of the medication rintatolimod
Well one fun fact about it is that the combined falls form the highest flow rate of any other falls in America.
It just depends on the area and genetics. Twins are either identical or fraternal.
Upside Ya Head was the lead single.
I'm not sure!  But I do know that  more than six million cubic feet of water goes over the crest of the falls every minute.
Its light dishes that have strong flavors and have a spicy edge to them.
It can vary in shades of very light to almost black.  Mine is a lighter brown.  what is yours?
Indeed, the price of Gouda has been disputed a long time. In the Middle Ages, buyers negotiated price with a system called "handjeklap," which involved clapping hands and shouting prices.
I am not entirely familiar, but I know it is not due to what usually causes fatigue which is ongoing exertion.
There are also two types of pasta: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca).
Yea.  Ferrari has been owne by differeent groups over the years so I am sure the looks have changes. The FGerrari is now owned by a holding group in the Netherlands.
The profession of baking is said to have begun in ancient Rome when the first mass production of bread happened.
I enjoy the evaluation wine.
Burgundy isn't bad, little too brownish for me but I respect it. Red is usually the color of pills that are stimulants.
There* Oh, wow! I haven't been scuba diving. Do you wear a dry suit that normally protects the body?
It is chronic fatigue syndrome. No medications or procedures have been approved
Ok , that's good Since grains have been a staple
Yes it is. But what i also find intersting is there have been resultings contradicting the reliability off wine tasting in both experts and nonexperts, these results have surfaced through scientific blind wine tasting. Results had inconsistency in identifying wines based on region in price, so while it may be an art it may not be a science.
It's best when you use a french baguette and slice it only partially downwards, allowing the condiments to soak in. I am making myself hungry as well.
I like mines with extra sauce and sausages and shrimp when cooking my specific pasta what's yours?
Hair dying is the practice of changing hair color to look good
Enzo Ferrari was the founder and he built his first car in 1940.
Yes, they are responsible for proper movements and not injuring their organs, such as the heart.
I know several twins, which are two offspring produced from the same pregnancy.
I'm good. A soldier could be conscripted or a volunteer.
It is hard to believe there are over 1 million in the city.
Sure. In 2014, Brand Finance name Ferrari the most powerful brand in the world.
Me too, we are who we are. We brown haired people will most often be referred to as brunette
Yes, they are. In prehistoric art, red was one of the first colors that was used.
Yes there are so many beautiful types of red from scarlett to crimson to pink
Not much info on that but jazz since the 1920's age jaz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression
You could open a retail bakery or cafe for all the lovely baked goods.
subject is very good
Absolutely, red and other colors can be highly influential for people. I'm sure you've heard that thing about red cars being pulled over more often.
What do you know about the color yellow?
It's been popular for a long time. The bright red outfits of Renaissance nobility were dyed using cochineal.
Are you describing the Puppy Bowl is an annual television program on Animal Planet that mimics an American football bowl ?
Don't tell anyone, but yes, I do!  LOL  I usually get it done professionally by a hairdresser
How long have you been doing it?
He was born in 1971. So 46 years old.
The Gulf of Mexico? I didn't realize there were animals like that so close to the States
Miles Davis would have to be the most famous jazz musician I can think of, but its amazing how few women infiltrated the industry; even in 2010 there are alot of women singers but few producers, critics, and instrumentalists.
The condition is primarily managed rather than cured. I think cognitive behavioral therapy is one of the methods.
The Great British Bake Off is very different from american cooking shows. It's all really friendly, there isn't any drama.
baking is quite old too, as you can imagine with grain being staple food for millennia
Wow I forgot all about that until just now, it was all the back in 2004. Time sure does fly.
No idea, but it has a worldwide appeal and is company-sponsored
That's interesting.  Do you like performances that are religious or ceremonial, or just for entertainment purposes?
I hear ya.  I love the mermaid gray and green and purple combo too. or pink! Hair coloring can be done by a professional or at home...which do you prefer?
Good for you! Your responsibilities  as a conductor will include: making announcements and opening and closing doors. Pretty simple, no need to be nervous.
There are actually people in the world that are non-related look alikes - they are called doppelgangers.  There  have been several movies and tv shows that involve a set of dopplegangers like Vampire Diaries.
I believe they used ochre. However, anything that contains the protein hemoglobin appears red. The same is true for anything with anthocyanins.
my favorite toys when I was young was Care Bears and they were created in 1981
I did when I was younger. Snoop was discovered by Dr. Dre in 1992 and was featured on Dre's "Deep Cover" and "The Chronic" albums.
They're highly influential especially because of their vocal harmonies and surf songs
Oh no, by 1969 Flat S.p.A. took a 50% stake of Ferrari and in 1988 it went up to 90%.
Then he did The Breakfast Club and Weird Science - my husband really likes that one.
Not really.  They spend most of their time feeding on plankton
Ah, that's interesting. And even though you have black hair, you can still be quite different. The range of skin colors that go along with black hair is still really vast, as you can have either the palest of light skin to the darkest tones of dark skin. It's a wide spectrum, so there's still variability in appearance.
It is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model, and is the complementary
Yeah I have heard On the Wednesday evening prior to the official opening, professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests for all four days can attend a pre-even
Haha sounds like you needed a change! Hair coloring is very popular in Copenhagen. 75 percent of female and 18 percent of men have dyed their hair before.
Not only so many meanings, but so many different hues itself, ranging from yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson even!
Roman generals had their bodies colored red to celebrate victories.
red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering, while the red color of the Grand Canyon and other geological features is caused by hematite or red ochre
It's a specific pepper originated in Mexico
Cheesecake is a sweet dessert consisting of one or more layers, how many layers does your cheesecake have?
Yes, changing diet and exercise are the main treatments, so of course those were my first choices.
I was born in the 90s but I always hear family say 80s music was the most popular and trends.
im not fully sure but i know they can grow to a very large size the oceanic ray is the biggest
In north carolina you have to be licensed by the state to watch two or more kids unrelated to you for more then 4 hours a day.
Yeah actually Greeks baked dozens and possibly hundreds of types of bread
Oh you're so lucky!  I bet you guys have the best holiday's!  This is making me so hungry right now too!
Mostly when I was younger but I do still like to listen to Eminem, also known as Marshall Mathers, born in 1972.
Yes there is lot of brown hair in my family too, and after all it is the second most common hair color after black hair..
Green is my favorite color followed by brown. What other colors do you like?
Mmm, spaghetti with meatballs is excellent. And it's been said that immigrants in New York actually came up with it!
Diagnosis is commonly based on a person symptoms. What was yours?
no. only in science fiction stories and movies lol
Yes, back in the renaissance, they used it for nobles and wealthy.
Baking is traditionally performed by women in the home, but men in bakeries and restaurants. You could have a successful career in baking.
Founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903 and made in America for the first 75 years.
Ok, Please avoid junk food and fast food
Forest Green? The red you see in geology for example, the Grand Canyon, comes from iron oxide.
Get friends together and do the entire KISS band for Halloween.  Everyone would fight to be Gene Simmons.
There are 19.85 million people that live in the whole state, and I've never even visited Manhattan or Long Island, much less upstate new york or anywhere else!
I might have to try that and see if it changes my mind. One thing that is interesting is that it is as old as the early 17th century!
The main reasons are cosmetic - to cover gray or to change to a more fashionable color - or even to correct bleaching by the sun
No, they separated in 2015.
I'm not sure, but they've experienced a lot of growth since 2010.
Weight training is great!  It is training for developing size and strength of skeletal muscles!
It might also be the spices used in Latin American cuisine that I don't like.  Maybe they are just too heavy.
Jazz is seen by many as American Classics
Me too! It's always nice to have some handmade warm bread. Baking has become more industrialized, so most of it is now automated by machines in factories.
Me and you both I will take dry pasta or fresh we will be broke.
They usually feature a large variety of panels and activities as well as attendees dressed in cosplay.
Red in strawberries comes from something called anthocyanins. By the way my favorite color is green.
Pasta is typically made from unleaved dough of a darum wheat flour mixed with water or eggs.
Reds range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson, and vary in shade from pink to burgundy.
The first bike they made was patterned after the German DKW RT125
I know that it is held annually in the United States in California. My boyfriend is into the comic-con stuff.
I love all the major trends of 80's music, it's still popular to me! It's hard to pick, I was an 80's baby, were you?
Not so!  But brown hair is the second most common human hair color though.
Yes buddy, Please do some changes in food diet and exercising is a main treatment
It was first founded in 1939 the first car was built in 1940 though
The base number on a calculator is 8 as in if you take 2 lines out of the block 8 it makes 2 or 5
Yes, I grew up in the Uk. My first car was a 500 is a two-door
Their Scuderia Ferrari team handles formula one racing parts and other things, it's very competative.
I guess since it can be done by a hairdresser or at home, that at home is a lot cheaper.
Baking bread is an ancient activity. I have only baked bread once as a 4H project as a kid
I don't think they did, but by the 5th and 6th centuries the ancient Greeks were using ovens. Most communities had one large shared oven.
I really like baking sweet stuff but bread is the most common.
Yeah I like the improvisational nature it has. Many jazz musicians are seriously talented.
Yes there is a history, but it's varied because of so many differences in costumes and performances.
Yes, it was named after the man that founded the company, Enzo Ferrari.
Oh the venue located in time square for stand up comedy
Speaking of the color red, it is iron oxide that gives the red color to the planet Mars
Plus its very cultural. It has roots in West African Culture, as well as European military culture as well.
Jazz is recognized as a major form of musical expression, and you could say it's ragtime, swing, or another
It's a  state of health and well-being .So I advice you should .
Definitely, fortunately there are many beneficial theraputic ways to help stop overeating, like group therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy for example.
It's been around since the 19th century, getting it's roots from blues and ragtime.
Alice Cooper with his raspy voice is considered to be the "Godfather of Shock Rock"
Well pasta can be divided into two broad catagories, dried and fresh.
in areas such as the oceanic sea of corel reef, mainly in warmer climates
And I'm sure she blames hers on you! Funny how gray hair is associated with age AND stress. Which is it?
I can see why, they are fun to watch! Ferrari is a worldwide brand and I would love to drive one.
I am not sure.  I know the second season they were located in the Valentines Mansion
I've heard about that. Ancient Egyptians and Mayans colored their faces red in ceremonies.
Avenged Sevenfold's current lineup includes Brooks Wackerman.
i did too and regretted it. Hair color is pirmentation due to 2 types of melanin
It started in the form of independent traditional and popular music styles
I also value physical fitness.
The intellectuals around the world hail jazz as on of America's original art forms as well.  Such an iconic genre.  It's hard to think what music would be like without it.
Well they definitely are a problem, RIP Steve. Luckily with a slow reproductive rate they might soon be gone for good.
yes thats correct the Newport Jazz Festival is also held every summer in Newport Rhode Island.
Yeah that is probably the case. Additionally, brown hair is common among Australian Aborigines
It does! everything about the italian cuisine offers an abundance of tastem no wonder it is one of the most popular and copied in the world, but nothing like the original
yes you are physically fit,  it  is a state of health and well-being
Fortunately I've been able to avoid that problem. I know it can be a big issue during the holidays, as many people tend to overeat during those times.
Not sure but can tell you the ancient Romans were mass producing bread.
Yes, it would.  I wonder if back then it was just an ability to work hard and fulfill your daily activities?
I believe so, since the 1920 it has been as a major form of musical expression.
Another cool point, both modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined at its right to a line going down to the bottom left corner, a line that is slightly curved in some font variants.
I have never used a Yamaha product actually, but I know they make musical instruments
The last film i watched was about operation "TPAJAX", about the coup in 1953 that overthrew democracy in Iran and installed the shah.
True and there are seven days, seven continents and seven brides for seven brothers, god rested on the seventh day... lots of things.  The seven wonders is a good point though the seven most important wonders of the ancient world, remarkable constructions.
I find it kind of cool that they are filter feeders which means they eat zooplankton which they swallow as they swim with their mouths open! lol
actually baton rouge might be as it is the parish on the mississippi river
It can be characterized with higher levels of dark pigment eumelanin and low levels of the pale pigment pheonomelanin.
A baker is someone who bakes
I suppose it could be, but I doubt it.  I really believe it's about the choices that people make.
I'm not sure how that is related to actual Jazz music. I do know that jazz is hailed as one of America's original art forms.
Yes, red and pink are considered basic color terms, it's easy to get fed up with basic colors.
Well, yeah that's true. Most circus clowns become famous and have their own acts. I don't think they are mean.
Of course no. The muscle can be described as a soft tissue found in most animals
Grains have been a staple food for millennia, baking is a very old one!
I have not! My parents have been several times. They enjoy going to the city of Niagra Falls in Ontario, Canada!
Canoes are also used for racing, general recreation, and waterwater canoeing.
Whilst i would think most people would like a cabernet sauvignon or a chardonnay. I personally like a merlot
There are soooo many you can try. I personally like cavatelli, which is known by 28 different names.
I can see that, yeah, they're huge. Aren't they a protected species though? At least in international waters?
Judging by the fact that they are always well made, and  tend to be hard and dry, I would say they are healthy
ALso our blood being colored red comes from the protein hemoglobin
As of 2010, they had sold over 10 million copies of Forza in just 5 years, so 2005.
It's nothing to be ashmaed of, everyone deals with stress in diffrent ways. I suffered from Anorexia for a long time. They have a group called overeaters anonymous you could try :)
Yes, pizza is said to be invented in Naples, Italy, but America has developed their own styles, like NY style and Chicago deep-dish.
Pasta is a noodle dish made from a dough consisting of eggs and flour (typically semolina, which is what I use). Great in italian cooking!
People really should make better choices with their food.  They should also look at their portion sizes
I have listened to it, but the whole appeal of music geared towards both aesthetic and religion doesn't really appeal to me.
Yes and I also do proper nutrition.
It was made in 2016. Its different from other alien invasion films where aliens come just to enslave or destroy humans,
I'm really not sure, but even China held it as an important color. They used it to color early pottery.
That sounds really nice! It makes sense that I like it since I like the blues and ragtime and they're all very similar.
Yes they are listed as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Oh yeah! I love that spicy garlic and tomato sauce. No I have not had bucatini. Is that a type of cheese?
Ah yes fondant is so simple, i make it with sugar and water stabilized with gelatin and a pinch of glycerine. Its an old recipe indeed.
I was born in 1961 but still love the music. I really like the blues rhythm and the backbeat of the snare drum.
It's an even more beautiful color when you see the red sunset, which is caused by the Rayleigh scattering.
I know about the big hair lol didn't know that was the 80's I heard that was the style and it had to be full of volume.
Did you do it yourself, or have it professionally done?
I cannot think of any, but there are many distinctive jazz styles all over and from different cultures.
I love to bake also.
The Churches of God (7th Day) movement is composed of a number of sabbath-keeping churches
I buy my dog, dog biscuit. It is often sold in a flat bone-shape.
Ha ha.  I am kind of with you on that.  He's not my thing.  You might like more of what I like which is Jazz Fusion.  Its like funk, rock, rhythm and blues, and Latin Jazz all mixed together.  Its funky and fun with an edge!
Have you ever heard of "The Million Dollar Quartet'?  That was elvis, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, and Johnny Cash jamming on 12/4/1956 at Sun Records.
I haven't, I've only been to church a few times. I do that most of the singing is a cappella though
Not really, you use flour and water, not to mention yeast. That is just regular white bread, I love making pumpkin bread.
Yes I agree. It's a fundamental part of nutrition. It's also important from a cultural and economic standpoint. We need baking in our lives!
Red is a cool favorite color to have, considering its history. Ancient Egyptians and Mayans would use red to color their faces during important ceremonies.
Because next to orange and opposite violet.
Most people dye their hair to hide gray. I did it to hide my blonde hair.
Yes they are very popular they was rated the world's most powerful brand they are really expensive cars though.
Yes you should. A common trait is that  higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin.
Target is the second largest now, right behind Walmart
Yes, I also overeat sometimes due to stress. It can be considered as an eating disorder.
It's just historical fact! But there's evidence that early (rich) Egyptians had indoor shower rooms.
Not much information on that but i did find that women play a huge role within the salons
Oh, the color of blood comes from hemoglobin, but strawberries and red apples are colored by anthocyanins.
It originated in New Orleans in the late 19th century.
I love pasta! I could eat it almost everyday! Personally I like fresh pasta, but dried is fine too!
I think i love COBOL because i like working more on  business, finance, and administrative systems for companies and governments.
Speaking of hotness, i am much attracted to that fictional superhero Wonder Woman. That is what I call beauty
That's an unusual combo, isn't it? You know what makes hair darker? Something called "eumelanin". That's what makes hair darker!
It gets its high price because only 39 250 GTOs were made between 1962 and 1964.
Not sure. I like that it lasts for four days, Thursday thru Sunday and is in the summer, July.
It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939. It began from Alfa Romeo's race division
Well, modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a 2 stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined with a line going down the bottom left corner.
Those are just classifications and types described. Interestingly, Mantas are found in warm temperate, subtropical and tropical sea
Modern Arabs influenced the European form of the number turning it into a two stroke character.
They're an Italian sports car manufacturer! Anything else you wanna know?
I love red, it is next to orange on the visible light spectrum.
Yeah Potter games are popular. I wish better handheld games were made like when the PSP was popular in 2013.
I do too.  Gospel music, to my surprise, can be traced to the early 17th century.
Ha! Many circus clowns have become well known as creepy monsters that lurk in gutter drains because of that movie
Yes I like Shameless.  William Macy is hilarious!  I also like Homeland, Billions and The Affair.  You watch any of those?
I dont know but a lot thats for sure, there are so many Harley owners clubs around the world, people are ver dedicated to the brand
There was a company called Indian, I was not familiar with that brand, I would assume they are not around anymore
Well just think that they try to entertain large audiences, and not try to kill people in most cases.
Thank you! It was extremely difficult at the beginning, but during treatment your goal is independence from consuming alcohol
Love it!  I assume you dye your hair with hair color as opposed to brush in color that washes out?
The village goes all the way back to the 1200s! How's that for history
Just make sure to keep your alcohol intake in check, in some cases, sobriety means having a "life balance"!
The twin birth rate in the US has risen 76% from 1980 through 2009.
now fitness is considered a measure of the body's ability to function efficiently to be healthy and resist diseases
It really does sound like a great time, as it is a sensory evaluation of the wine.
Sadly they are becoming more scarce. Mantas are filter feeders and eat lots and lots of zooplankton
You can bake it or boil it. If boiling be sure to add some salt to the water. Its best when its slightly undercooked, or al dente.
It is a four-day event (Thursday–Sunday) held during the summer, so it can be a pretty interesting summer vacation for your family :D
HBO has been around since 1972!  What shows do you like on HBO? My favorite was The Wire.
Bleaching blond hair, if not done professionally, results in a lot of damage.
Not really I just know it is from the United States and United Kingdom you are the rock fan give me some pointers who is some great people to listen to?
I love woman with brown hair. Brown hair is the 2nd most common hair color with black being the most common.
I quite like Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, but I really love the Rolling Stones' music.
The film stars Amy Adams and Jeremy Renner. Alien invasion movies was commonly a metaphor during the cold war directed at fears of the soviet union.
That is true, the United States especially has a huge amount of genres for all tastes. It's one of the the largest music markets in the world.
yes, physical fitness is often achieved by proper diet, rest, and activity
The first Ferrari was built in 1940
What is scary is they do not know the exact cause, its not even genetic or biological.
Yep! It  came from blues and ragtime.
well the wednesday prior they have a preview night that lets you walk the exhibit hall to see what they will show during the convention
Ferrari has multiple cars... They have F1 race cars, supercars, and hyper cars. They are a brand. What races do you watch from Ferrari?
That man sold a lot of records, It was like 23 million  in the united states alone
Oh wow!  Did you have it done  professionally by a hairdresser or did you do it yourself at home?
can't remember.  i just remember the song from "nice dreams', the one where they drove the ice cream truck that went; "mama talking to me try to tell me how to live, she can't tell me nothin cause my head is like a sieve".
Medical personnel point out that the long term effects of drinking alcohol include damage to the liver and brain, so I'd say you're better off without it!
Well there are several forms of sleep apnea. So it's not necessarily caused by obesity. It can be another factor like airway obstruction.
I live near Bridal Veil Falls, Oregon, that's how I know it exists. Ghost towns do a great job of preserving period-specific artifacts, specifically architecture. They are a huge tourist attraction!
It seems to build a cool community for the span of the convention. I know you can also listen to panels that have favorite TV characters, like from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., and the like.
Yeah they are fast! They are italian sports cars and they are based in Maranello!
That's very fair. They can be weird. The first mainstream clown was portrayed by Joseph Grimaldi.
Gospel is classical.  since the 17th century, when it arose, it has been based on the black tradions of oral recitation of music.
Well this is analogous to the horizontal stroke through the middle that is sometimes used in handwriting in the Western world but which is almost never used in computer fonts.
I have been introducing my teenagers to some of the old classic rock and I have actually caught them listening to it without me. Definitely the kind of music we need to keep alive!
I love Snoop Dogg, His music career actually began back in 1992 when he was picked up by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut called "Deep Cover" and "The Chronic".
I had thai cuisine with extra chilis on my chicken it was so delicious.
Kenkey is from Ghana it is made from a ground corn it is served with foods like fish, soup or stew.
I enjoy Mexican breads also, although they are the result of experimentation influenced by various European baking traditions.
I would probably go as a Trekkie if I ever went since they are derivatives of science-fiction conventions.
My father was an alcoholic growing up, but hes been sober for 20 years.So no alcohol for 20 years.
Whatever you like, really. A common one is topping on bread.
Long hair in some cultures is associated with being free from societies control.
Darker hair naturally but I change it all the time like right now its purple..
Im not too sure but ever since Fiat S.p.A. acquired 50% of Ferrari in back in 1969 they really expanded its stakes a bit and added about 20 more cars to their line-ups. If you seen a fiat on the road it was made by the ferarri people.
Typically the wine tasters will all sip the wine, then use an ever evolving system of terminology to describe the aromas, flavors, and characteristics of the wine.
Miles Davis is one of the most famous Jazz musicians. As a jazz artist, Davis' music is characterized by swing and blue notes, polyrhythms and improvisation
I think it is because the action of skill of looking after children as a provider is very important. Do you think so?
It was around 6 years ago, how about you? I probably won't ever dye it again, I have grown fond of my current hair color.
Quite a few cultures, including Hindus, have written the 7 in similar ways to how we do it. The Hindus originally wrote it like an inverted J.
That would make shopping more fun. We're a long way from the time when all the cheeses would be brought to the market square to sell.
Oh yeah, day care is basically the term that describes that.  it's a service usually during specific hours for while the parents are at work.
Hello, cool fact  Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up comedy.
Well 'dog's bread' as dog biscuits used to be called since Roman times were made of bran. They'd keep your bowels as clean as a whistle
Well you should now find out about the preceding number: 8!
Thank goodness for small favors!  LOL Why did you want to color it?  For cosmetic reasons, to cover gray?
Grey hair can look really nice.  I wonder if the fact that brown is the second most common hair color makes it more likely to see it go grey.
They are mostly found in warm temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.
No there isn't a cure and the medication only treats the symptoms.
Me too! I used to dye my hair. Mostly to hide Grey's, because I wanted to be fashionable.
Is yours biological or genetic? I guess not a lot is understood about it.
Have you red about how color studies can determine human behavior?
mainly chat about the bikes, like the shovelhead engine because it looked like coal be shoveled into the engine when turned upside down lol
Yes, in 2014 Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand. If only I could afford one, haha
Very cool! Genuine scooters markets scooters in over 240 dealers in the USA!
Well  do all kinds, I do strength fitness like running and weight lifting. I love the quality or state of being fit. It makes you feel so much better.
Thanks! We'll see I guess! I'm trying to decide if I'm brave enough to try to dye it myself at home, or if I should get it professionally done by a hairdresser.
War of the Worlds was about aliens invading earth and exterminating humans to take the planet
pasta has two broad categories, dry and fresh
I agree, despite my fear I respect and their trade. Many circus clowns for instance have become well known key circus acts. I'm certain that they are well paid.
I think it's been a popular color throughout history. In the Renaissance, nobles actually used cochineals to dye their costumes a brilliant red.
I adore Snoop Dogg!  Turns out his real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.!  I think I like Snoop Dog better!
Yeah I have heard that, funny. Long ago 7 was written in a curve so it looked like a J.
Compulsive over eaters depend too much on food to comfort themselves when they are stressed or depressed.
Oh yes I get you now.  7 is a lucky number with slots and various casio gambling machines with the reels.  Have you ever had a big win?
i just had pasta with meatballs the other day. i've read pasta can be made with flour from other cereals or grains
Identical twins develop from one zygote, while fraternal develop from two different eggs
Ferrari is rated the world's most powerful brand
Oh I rarely see Lamorghinis.  They're owned by Volkswagen which is one of the largest world brands of automobiles.
Some do but thankfully there's the TSCA or Toxic Substances Control Act which helps protect consumers against dangerous chemicals.
Alien invasion was a common metaphor in US science fiction during the Cold War
I'm not too sure but I like dog biscuits because  they come in a flat bone-shape.
Was the person you mentioned earlier is considered sober now?
I agree with you! Sobriety is such a natural state of a human being given at birth
Oh, yes. Back in 2014, they were rated the world's most powerful brand. they're amazing!
I agree with that, it also has a lot of different hues, there's yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion all the way to bluish-crimson, how cool.
Do you mean  Elvis Aaron Presley, the American singer and actor?
They bake everything.  It started airing in 2010 and has become very popular
I didnt know that, interesting fact is that its distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, rather than marvel :D
Makes sense. I mean, after all, it's literally in our blood. The hemoglobin in blood is what gives it its red color.
Well, not "zarazas," which was made of ground glass, poison and needles. it was intended to kill dogs!
It is both cool and hot!  haha!  And it is a primary color in the RGB color model
I studied cometology in school. It is beauty treatment.
yes it has a 625-740 wavelength
It would surprise you to know that superman was the figment of then high school students imagination writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster,
Have you ever tried to dye it? I attempted to dye my hair blue before, but it didn't take since my hair is so dark. I would probably have to bleach it to make it work.
Target is the second largest corporation, behind Walmart.
Pastries, as in baking. Baked goods
I have, A few cases are caused primarily by genes, endocrine disorders and some just happen over time.
Wow you have a various of colors I would love that barbie pink one I believe Blac Chyna has one as well.
No, they all live on different reservations. Some have chosen to not live on reservations at all. Of the 500 tribes, only half live on reservations.
Red is a nice vibrant colour it is close to orange what do you like so much about it?
I know they're italian sportscars. They exist as a symbol of opression and consumer oppulance. People with horrible values seem to desire them.
How interesting! A developing fetus is called a singleton if they are alone but a multiple if there is more than one developing!
I better move there then haha. Also brown hair can really vary in color for light to almost black.
I'm not sure but I don't believe they sting. I was amazed to find out their gestation period last over a year!
I don't think I've had fresh. Pasta is typically a noodle made from an unleavened dough of a kind of durum wheat flour that is mixed with eggs or water and formed into various shapes or sheets.
Have you seen The Great British Bake Off, the show were ten home bakers compete to be crowned the best amateur baker?
No clue. I ride a classic and will not buy a new one. Quality has went down hill lately. My entire owner club feels the same way.
I know a few: South gospel, alternative, contemporary, and traditional, but I'm sure there's many more.
I would just walk around saying Worst. Comic-Con. Ever!
Sure, it is on of the most famous stand-up comedy clubs in the United States. Many top comedians have performed there.
I think he became a little too mainstream. Have you ever heard his song, Murder Was the Case? It's one of my favorites that was never very popular. It was part of a soundtrack for a short film.
I love pasta! I could eat it for every meal! Dried or fresh, it doesn't matter to me!
I do! I especially love Classic Rock and the sound of the electric guitars
Well, as long as the negotiating parties trust each other to implement solutions, they may be successful.  The art of the deal right?  We'll see!
Those are fun colors! Did you have it done professionally or did you dye it at home?
I don't think Pop came out until later. But prior to the 80's disco was the most popular.
Yeah! The most common baked item is bread?
1 in 4 and the causes are varied from over eating to lack of activity and of course genetics play a part
Then join me friend, let's venture to the Red Planet! Let's go to Mars with Elon Musk!
The contestants go through three challenges for baking and each episode some are eliminated
There's a lot to learn about it! Its roots are in blues and ragtime music, and it was originated in the late 19th to early 20th centuries.
Yes, Jazz uses a lot of blue notes, but also swing notes aswell.
Yes, the reds are more sweet and the whites a little "sharper". Wine is made starting with fruit that is then fermented into alcohol. Most people use grapes but it can be made with berries too.
I do not because ive only recently turned old enough to drink LOL. So while ive had some im not much of a drinker unless someone else around me is. But interesting fact the aromas of wine are actually morediverse than the flavors available!
Mental therapy while trying to increase ability to exercise
It's a parasite, found in tropical and subtropical South America, Mexico and Arizona. They live on the prickly pear cactus.
yea a more formalized methodoly has slowly become established from the 14th century onwards
I believe so, People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette
Well since most hair coloring is done by a professional hairdresser id go with that but you can always do it at home.
Many women use hair dying - as much as 75% reported it in Copenhagen
Ragtime music is basically music with syncopated rhythm, or "ragged", like the name says.
After black hair, the most common is brown
i found the last wine tasting to be quite sensory enhancing.
That's true! Apparently blond is cause by low level of the substance eumelanin.
Yep, I quite like Joe Rogan's podcast. Did you listen to his most recent one with Jordan Peterson?
Yes and I hear that Colors can also enhance the effectiveness of placebos.
Can you believe Madonna was born in 1958? That singer knows how to hold her age well.
That's very true, one side had to have one. The Buda Castle would be a sweet pad to win over.
Yes, baking is very old because grains have been used for millenia.
Blood red is a pretty nice color of red, I prefer the darker reds like crimson as well.
I also like blue, which is the color of the sky and deep sea due to scattering of light.
More so,primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model, and is the complementary color of cyan.
I really like pizza too, especially with Gouda, its a traditional speciality guaranteed dish in Italy
Just like everybody i like them for hit songs "Lady", "Come Sail Away", "Babe", "The Best of Times", "Too Much Time on My Hands" and "Mr. Roboto".
hair coloring changes your hair color
Well I have gotten a lot of ideas from the Great British Bake off, which is a cooking show where bakers compete against each other
Black hair is a dominant trait and is found in people of all ethnicities
Perhaps in the 1950s and mid 1960s, as this was the time when the "more encompassing international style" of rock music came about
Besides the number 17? I like 8 too.
Speaking of the colors of the rainbow, I used to watch the animated show, Rainbow Brite. I don't know if you've heard of it but it was about a magical girl that had to stop the Gloomies from stealing the colors of the rainbow. The show had an amazing range of colors.
Definitely! They're also one of two American motorcycle companies to survive the Great Depression. The company has been going strong for years making good bikes.
I know it's held annually, but I've never been.  Tell me about it!
I speak Vulcan.  I live by logic and reason, minus emotion.
I know a lot actually, dairy farming class of agriculture for long-term production of milk.
CHina happens to be the worlds largest producer of green chilies amounting to half the toal global amount.
I don't think I could pull off that color (which I love!), but I got tired of people complaining about the grey hairs popping up, so I figured I'd show them!
I do work out! And it helps me feel great through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.
They did! They also used bran to make the dog biscuits. Sometimes the biscuits were known as "parruna."
Personally, I just take a multi-vitamin, usually they include vitamins, minerals, fiber, fatty acids, or amino acids. But you don't really need these as long as you have a good diet with lots of variety!
Yes I do, interesting fact there are about 13 million cows in the dairy farm industry
Red is considered to be a more romantic or aggressive color psychologically, which is why some heterosexual men think that red outfits enhance female attractiveness. It's so cool to think that color can make all the difference.
It isn't something that can be cured, but chronic fatigue syndrome can be managed.
That is good. It is good to be sober and not have effects from alcohol.
Yeah Rugby actually started in Austraillia as far back as 1864.
Yeah that's true. He also has the Recovery studio album. There is a large problem where I live in the United States.
I create all sort of software as long as long it is an executable code consisting of machine language instructions
It has a wavelenght that starts at 625 nanometres.
Are you having trouble carrying out normal daily routines?  Could be chronic fatigue syndrome.
Well it depends on the level of eumelanin.  If there is more, the hair color will be darker and vice versa.  Brown just happens to be in the middle.
No one is really sure why women have more instances of obesity, but it's a huge problem. People who are obese have higher instances of type 2 diabetes, depression, cardiovascular diseases and even cancer!
Baking is related to barbecuing because the concept of the masonry oven is similar to that of a smoke pit
Workers carted the cheese to the market on wheelbarrows (about 16kg worth) with straw hats!
No but I love going there.  There is so much to explore, because they have hundreds of islands spread over
There's certainly a lot to learn. There's C, C++, C#, Java, and a million other languages that all interact in different ways with each other.
I know that is how I felt, you never know what happens when nannies, babysitters, teachers or other providers are taking care of your children
he also had a side kick named robin
Well I think the market for weight loss programs goes up during that time because they know people will be feeling bad about overeating probably, there's even 12-step programs for overeaters like Overeaters Anonymous.
I have read that the medication rintatolimod helps
well,people reproduce natural phenomena by pouring jugs of water which is cold after washing.
Obesity is when there is excess body fat that is results in a negative effect on ones health.
That makes sense! Home coloring is a huge business! In 2011, sales reached $1.9 billion and they're thought to have reached $2.2 billion in 2016.
Yes I do, they are used to oppose the force generated by my muscles through concentric or eccentric contractions!.
gospel is simply a form of the genre of Christian music.  Some people get it, others don't.
Straight men like them on women, although lots of other factors effect things as well
yes it was a book first, about what happened to SEAL team 10
I love baking too. It is a good form of cooking where Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to the centre.
Nice! Sadly my hair hair is thick and shaggy like a horse's mane so I cant dye them
History tells that ancient Rome several centuries later, the first mass production of breads.Even the Greeks too
There is also a preview night for attendees before it starts so they can be first to walk the exhibit hall.
That's pretty cool! I've heard there's all sorts of shades of brown hair. Does she have light brown or darker brown hair?
For sure man. He ended up leaving Death Row Records after that and joined No Limit Records. He put out 3 good albums after that.
Me too! It usually involves dominant vocals and harmony, which is the best part about it. I'm really not into the God part personally.
Thank you. It's alcohol. She spent some time in a treatment setting to get started on the path to sobriety, but now that she's out, she's having a tough time.
hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color
is your hair a natural brown hair, or do you color it ?
Me too, I just act on a whim when stressed sometimes. however even though stress can be horrible, sometimes it may be beneficial too, for example in competetive situations.
Yes I agree. Some people cannot afford proper nutrition so they need help.
Low levels of the dark pigment eumelanin
That is not a very good salary and probably representative of the gender pay gap in the U.S.
I know there is a hair dye called Henna it is dye prepared from a plant
jazz is a music genre that originated in the African AMERICAN COMMUNITIES
My favorite might be Marceline, the 1000 year old vampire queen!
It was often used by roman generals to celebrate victory. Do you have a favorite color?
Yea its been a big part across many cultures due to it being the color of blood, it was used in Mayans and Egyptians ceremonies, as well as by the Romans.
I have 1 child in that age range and use to have a child around that age but he's 5 now and it also involves nannies, baby sitters, teachers, and day care centers.   It's so hard to find a good one too huh?
Interesting fact, Iron oxide is what gives Mars the red color.
i have some excess body fat as well. so i feel you on that
I love all of it! I also heard that sometimes people combine baking with grilling to create a hybrid barbecue effect. Strange but fascinating.
I've wanted one since they were introduced back in early 1964.
Mars is red and its Iron Oxide that gives the red color to the planet
Elon Musk is the founder of SpaceX which is short for the Space Exploration Company. His Falcon Heavy rocket could take us to Mars.
Because they are fraternal twins, their resemblance is no more or less than sibling. However, they have a great bond.
compared to other colors like yellow and violet, they dont compare to red, only green and blue could compete which is why RGB is such a big thing.
I know, right? And apparently the Arabs' contribution was to make the longer line of the 7 straighter, and to make it more rectilinear, or angular, like we do.
Yes, I would never pay that much money for a vehicle
A few cases of obesity are caused primarily by genes or some medications.
I like NatGeo also, I like it better than the history channel and discovery channel. I also follow them on instagram.
Italian food is one of the most copied cuisines in the world! I also enjoy pizza, but that is the one thing that I prefer the Americanized version of.
Ah, cake boss, that guy make us all wanna be like him :)  but all over the world, I realize that the most commonly baked item is bread
I'm not sure. Could you imagine someone trying to get away with that now? They used to call bursitis Housemaid's Knee.
Maybe in the creation of wine, but the Romans did not start wine tasting.
There is rising prevalence in obesity children. Sadly I think the answer may be that people were raised into obesity.
Uually childten are taken care by parents
rather than indoor or man made, i love to have shower under waterfalls
I got more into baking after watching the Great British Bake Off. I loved seeing the different challenges and guessing who would be eliminated.
Nope, and baking is goint to be around forever,  Since grains have been a staple food for millennia
Do you have a favorite song from Snoop. Mine is definitely Gin and Juice.
with all the varities of grapes and strains there are a lot of types, but they are all so good, I am not sure if i have a favorite!
Color theory has some interesting thoughts on color mixing in visual effects.
Interestingly, at peak  daytime tourist hours, more than six million cubic feet (168,000 m) of water goes over the crest of the falls every minute.
We specialize in sourdough! The Gauls were the ones who added beer froth to dough, which marked the beginning of using yeast to make bread!
it gets cold in the winter but its very pretty in the fall you would be ok in the summer the festival as become a two site festival its in new your and in 1981 returned to newport
Not just because it's the Red Planet, but because it's named after the Roman god of war, which let's be honest. That's awesome.
Obesity and walking describes how the locomotion of walking differs between an obese individual and a non-obese individual and a non-obese individual
No but I like hair dyeing.
I've never had lasagna with shrimp. Sounds good though. But, Italian cuisine has developed through the centuries.
Wow, having two kids in the same pregnancy must have been an experience.
Hopefully something interesting will come out for Christmas.  It's been kind of bland since PS4 broke sales records in 2013.
Yeah, more of a shade of red and more like its own color.  I wonder why pink feels more like its own color than dark red.
Typically children are taken care of by parents or siblings, but daycare is very popular in the U.S.
Now 10% of Ferrari is owned by Piero Ferrari.
It originated in New Orleans in the 19th century, but it's been a staple since. I listen to it in the car while going to work
Yeah as well as that brown hair is common among Australian Aborigines and Melanesians
That will be fun  It is a four-day event (Thursday–Sunday)
Oh no! Im sorry to hear that! What about the playstation 2? Did you ever have that one?
my name is john, have you heard of Carolines on Broadway?   Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up comedy
I guess thats why inellectauls hail jazz as "one of America's original art forms".
The unraveling was a masterpiece! Are you familiar with more of Kubrick's work? He's frequently cited as one of the greatest and most influential directors in cinematic history.
Well actually it just started with someone pouring a jug of water, which was often very cold. You would have liked that!
Jazz is a musical genre
Early child care is an equally important and often overlooked component of child development
How interesting! Did you do it yourself or did you go to a professional?
Red was incredibly influential to the Mayans and the ancient Egyptians.
The Arbas then added their own contribution. They wanted to make the line more diagonal than straight
Its somewhat common. The most common casues of obesity is a combination of lack of physical activity, excessive food intake, and genetics.
That sounds cool. Is it to cover up grey or white hair?
Yes, group therapy is great. It'll help you relate to people and find new ways to cope when your feeling stressed and want to overeat.
It seems crazy that there are no medications or procedures that have been approved in the US for this.
The reason why people dye their is to cover gray or white hair
I work at Georgia Institute of Technology, a public research university in Atlanta
We couldnt have any cool RGB things in our computers without it. Its one of the primary colors.
And Jazz fusion emerged in the 1960s with a combination of other genres. I don't think people appreciate jazz being so different as it has evolved and they'd like to take it back to the roots.
I like the fact that is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s
There are many different kinds of diets you can choose.  Some include low calorie, low fat, low carbohydrate.
I heard that they are filter feeders. So they eat tons of zooplankton when they swim around with their mouths open.
I use a method called pressure cooking using water and other liquid in a sealed vessel
It is close in texture of sea beet but once pulled from garden it looks a lot like a brown carrot lol.
Yoga is good but you also need vigorous workouts to perform sports and occupational work as well as daily activities
I like to strengthen muscles and my cardiovascular system.
I'm not sure. But, it was founded by Enzo Ferrari back in 1939, and they built their first car in 1940
Well we know that there were enclosed ovens used by the greeks in the fifth and sixth century BC.
Yes, I agree. Now they're are a lot of stay-at-home dads. You know, where the dad doesn't work and the mom does.
Being identical, they share 100% of their genes and their personalities are so similar no matter who and what they are individually exposed to.
Yup doing it independently at home probably save a lot time and money.
I like to bake cakes, cookies, pies, breads, and other pastries. Desserts can be so fun to make.
Nothing wrong with gray hair! It's distinguising. Brown hair can vary from light brown to almost black hair
Yes; there are many different shades fo red. My favourite is scarlet.
Does it? I really don't think that cosmetic hair color makes it turn gray.
I have never been near one! lol I know they live in warm, subtropical and tropical waters. I think I would be terrified! lol
That's so true. Christian music today really focuses on praise and worship styles similar to pop or rock music.
Its the higher level of a dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin
I think red hair is the prettiest hair shade ever honestly. And red is even used in ceremonies for Ancient Egyptians and Mayans
Very nice. It's a strong color to pick to be infatuated with, as it's a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model. Little do people know, though, is that it's a complementary color of cyan
Yeah its kinda odd if you really think about it. and other species that commercially make milk are goats, sheep and camels.
There are about 310 different shapes of pasta
so it focuses on multiple genres of entertainment, like movies and tv
Editing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media
Bread is a great thing to bake anyway, fresh bread is amazing.
Well bread is the most common baked item. Definitely there are lot of recipes that will talk about it
Well that is hard to determine because original showers were neither indoor structures of man-made, they were actually formed by natural things in nature such as waterfalls.
yes i love the classification for any story or setting that is derived from imagination of the author!
You're right! I love mozzarella cheese - especially in pizza!
Yes it is. Another cool fact is that the first car badged with the logo was completed in 1947.
I work as an assistant to Buddy Valastro Jr.
Most dies are made from vegetables and plants such as berries, leaves and roots.
Yea they were founded by enzo ferrari in 1939
Me too. I love the combination of swing and blues notes, as well as polyrhythms which are tough to pull off.
Its next to orange on the spectrum and opposite of violet.
I really enjoy baking because,  As heat travels through, it transforms batters and doughs into baked goods wich is really fun to watch
That sounds like a fun job! Do you perform slapstick type physical comedy or mime style?
It has to do with pigment. So high levels of eumelanin makes the hair dark while lower levels of pheomelanin make the hair lighter.
It has a dominant wavelenght of 625-740 nanometers.
People with brown hair are often referred as brunette.  That comes from the French term of brun, meaning brown.
Comic-Con International also produces two other conventions, including WonderCon. Have you heard of that?
I do not, however if its large enough to hold this four day event, it must be pretty large !
I suppose it's a sub-genre. The War of the Worlds is a 2005 movie.
No i don't In fact i tried to wash my car this morning and had to stop because i was so out of breath.  If physical fitness is the state of well being, i am just the opposite.
Well you can't go wrong rooting for the oldest sruviving and the most successful Fomula One team. Ferrari has competed in every season since 1950.
Hummus is traditionally made up of mashed chickpeas combined with olive oil, salt, and lots of garlic!
Jazz involves more improvisation and has a more upbeat swing.
No but I have been listening to him since 1993 when he was discovered by Dr Dre
I used to think I would like to become a baker as my profession, because I really liked it. But, I never pursued it.
Me too! My favourite is The Beach Boys
The other substance that changes hair color is pheomelanin.
Yup! Among other things, it involves involve correction, condensation, organization of material. Its tough but enjoyable.
Baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant  have you tried it?
Oh I totally agree Disney is a vacation you have to go for days because the park is so big and the Resorts are fun also I loved staying there as a kid.
Pink is my favorite, you may have not known but it's considered a pale red.
I did not know that, is that when you don't eat any meat like chicken or steak?
In the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the rich and nobile were dyed with kermes and cochineal.
That it has inverse effects on your health like, particularly cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.
I have only one time. I really like the different hairstyles people have.
Obesity in childhood is a condition where excess body fat negatively affects a child's health or well-being
Yes I quite enjoy it. Bread is the one thing that is baked most often.
I heard the Gully in South Australian is a great location so maybe there.
Not to my knowledge. "Doggystyle" sold almost a million copies in the first week. It was certified 4x platinum in 1994.
Pierrot was a very popular pantomime as well. He performed unmasked with a large white blouse and wide white pantaloons
Maybe you should learn some Mexican food recipes! Chili peppers actually originated in Mexico.
Well red red the dish is made of fish and blackeyed peas and onions and oil and tomatoes.
For weight loss, anything that gets the heart rate up works. You don't need to build muscle to lose weight, simple jumping jacks or high knees will suffice and also helps your body to resist hypokinetic diseases
Yes, usually. They are one of the major survivors of the Great Depression
I don't know. Some medicines have been linked to over eating. They are called dopamine agonists, one is pramipexole
Gouda cheese is dated all the way back from 1184 that makes it the oldest recorded cheese in the world
I am not certain on that statistic, but blonde hair is characterized by low levels of the pigment call eumelanin.
I wonder if skin color has anything to do with it - skin pigmentation is also genetic from their birth parents.
Absolutely, the history extends even to the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans, who colored their faces red during ceremonies!
No, I have never ridden one. But I do love riding bicycles. The motorcycle originally came from bicycles.
That's nice too! Originally it was characterized by swing and blue notes for example, response vocals and polyrhythms but of course all that evolved with time too.
This can be true, res id pretty intense, I used to have a one wall in the bedroom painted a salmon color, it's kind of pinkish tone.
Most people make bread with flower and water but i love to add yeast, it tastes much better
When it comes to editing images, many graphic software programs are used, such as vector graphics editors, raster graphics editors, and 3D modelers.
The ancient greeks are the earlier known "modern type" shower users. before that it was pouring buckets on your head LOL.
I can see that.  Out of curiosity, I know Elvis Presley is a generally South-East originating musician, do you listen to much of "the King"?
Me too. Honestly, the closest I will get to baking anything is in the Easy-Bake Oven which is a working toy oven introduced in 1963 by Hasbro. Yes I know, my baking levels are that of a child.
I bake bread which is the most common item to bake, but that's it.
Absolutely. I love when bands like the Beatles and Rolling Stones acknowledge the influence that blues had on them -- music originated by African Americans in the Deep South inspired some major classic hits!
Oh yes, the practice is ancient since the 14th century. It's slowly been refined over time
Yes, the Hindus started it in the beginning.
Yes.  They often kept the bakeries separated from other buildings to mitigate the risk of fires.
The visible spectrum includes wavelengths from 390 and 700 nm. The primary colors are red, green, blue.
Let's dig deep into the origin ,  character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933
That seems to be the case.  It also looks like evidence has shown that there's no adverse effects from trying to counteract the effects of CFS, which is good.
In the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke
, either the piano or saxophone was often the lead instrument in early rock music.
It gives attendees the opportunity to walk the exhibit hall and observe different games.
from what I remember around 1184 is when it's first mentioned anywhere so around then i guess, pretty long time
in abstinence, residual effects of alcohol consumption can preclude sobriety
I meant was developed by them in 1981
It's simply a group of fictional superheroes that all appear in comics published by DC Comics.
Most transit systems use one person train operation these days because of advances in automation. But few transit systems continue to employ conductors. So you're kinda lucky to be one of the few remaining conductors. Robots are taking our jobs!
It was on a vacation in Hawaii at the Garden Eel COve
Among superhero action figures my favorite is Batman. I admire him for his personality and righteousness
I think its beautiful, they dye it i think because its the second most common hair color
Ancient people used to use cold water out of jugs in order to shower.
They can be good for dogs, too. Some dog biscuit makers say that they help clean dog's teeth
Absolutely nothing, sobriety is considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth. Do you drink often?
Same here, brown hair is super common too.
I know they are found in sub tropical and tropical waters and they look scary
I love spaghetti. It is a long, thin, cylindical form of pasta.
Strength training is good - can provide significant functional benefits and improvement in overall health and well-being as well as  improved cardiac function!
That's right! Domesticated by people of South Mexico ten thousand years ago.
Yes, it's a town located in northern Italy.
His archenemy, the character who is the heros main protagonist is of course the infamous Lex Luthor.
Yes that's correct dairy cows are bred specifically for producing insane amounts of milk.
The main reason it's done is to cover grey or to change the color for fashion or to restore the original color after the sun.
There's a large variety of pasta, with 210 specific forms known.
Calvin Cordozar Broadus is known as snoop dog and is a rapper
Yes, lack of exercise and food manufacturer's marketing towards children.  Laws around it have really evolved in recent years.
So many people play poker over the internet, I have not tried yet.
Yup, though you referred "the Ferrari" is solely race cars for Formula One that is the highest class of single seating auto racing.
Yeah that's probably true, it's crazy to think that dog biscuits have been around since the Roman times, where they were called "Dog's bread."
Me too I have brown hair it is the second most popular color, the first is black.
7 is a cool number but i like 17 myself.
When each twin is fertilized by its own sperm cell, it is called fraternal
There's a lot of variation, especially between different hair colors. Brown hair has high levels of a dark pigment and low levels of a pale pigment.
Dennis Miller has performed there before.  He was born in 1953.
Oh yes, it is, it's very fancy! It's founder, Enzo Ferrari, had high aspirations for his company in 1939
It is in New York City and located on Broadway between 49th and 50th.
Not sure? Red is a important color in China they paint palaces, gates, pottery etc red
In most people it varies from light brown to almost black hair
I change it up quite often, but purple seems mysterious so I like it the most.
Saturday Night Live. It's a late night American Comedy variety show. They do funny skits.
Fitness means being fit and able to exercise and do strenuous daily activites
Hello-- that reminds me of that Adele song.
Well it can differ, he is thinking of opening Automotive repair shops that will specialize in bodywork repair.
Its roots are in West African culture.
I don't really know, but it is hard to believe that the crocodile hunter has been dead for almost 11 years.
Not really, but I am usually a person in a state considered sober. I feel like drugs just do more harm than anything.
I prefer baby pink, I like the lighter shade of it, it's just so appealing to me, the name pink has been around for a long time, since the late 17th century!
I cannot believe that more than six million cubic feet of water goes over the falls every minute - that is crazy a lot of water!
Yea it is huge here. The hair coloring industry reached around 2.2 billion dollars back in 2016.
About 18% of men have reported to dye their hair.
Going back to the color red, it is the color of Mars because of iron oxide, also known for rust.
I would say orange. It is close to red which is at the end of the visible spectrum.
People with brown hair are usually called brunette's which is taken from the French word brun.
Red has a wavelength of approximately 625–740 nanometres.
I do as well. Many people want to give too much over to teacher's, and I realize they play a part, but it should never be too much of a role in my opinion.
Yep and the roots from West African musical expression are also evident.  Some may also be surprised that European Military band music was also an influence.
I have light brown hair. It's apparently the most common hair color, after black
The ultimate diagnosis is based on a person's symptoms.
Exactly!  And it is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light as well.
They have triangular pectoral fins. Scary
She randomly decided to put bits of chocolate into a normal cookie!
He was actually created by two high school students, Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. That's a surprise, huh?
Cheddar is also the most popular type of cheese in the UK.
Funny enough, people with brown hair are often referred to as brunette, in french that's the feminine form or "brunet"
It is the practice of changing the color of one's hair
It has been restructured back in 2015, making Ferrari N.V.
The originate in Scandinavian countries and only four grain types dominate the styles
The technical term is myalgic encephalomyelitis. Its a condition where you have long-term fatigue. The cause is not understood though.
Its red!next to orange and opposite violet
I agree. It's important that a child receives quality child care from an early age, as it impacts their future, and they are our future.
There are more style of music from the 80's that you may have not heard of like Adult contemporary, quiet storm and smooth jazz. So many genres!
The only one I can think of offhand is Marcel Shipp, former running back. He's now the current coach.
Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to their center, if you get it wrong it will burn
The process of editing can involve correction, condensation, organization, and many other modifications in order to perform accurate and complete work.
Im not really sure, I think their stocks are doing well though. Target was actually Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and some time later the Dayton Company in the year 1910.
I enjoy the study of public health practices. Analyzing health of a population and threats to the society.
Sorry I meant beasts of burden. It basically means animals trained to provide a tractive force.
No but the red colour of blood comes from protein hemoglobin. Are you aware of this?
it's actually so interesting that some time ago "fitness" was defined as the capasity to carry out the day's activities
Jazz has roots in West African cultural where my grandmother is from so maybe that explains my love. I don't know.
Do you own a Harley as I understand there are many owner clubs and events for owners.
I had just heard of him being "The King".  There probably would not have been a Sun Records if not for Elvis and Sam Phillips.
I want to look like a wood-demons, with their hair thick and shaggy like a horse's mane. It's what i'm striving to do.
I know right, brown hair is also pretty common in Australian Aborigines and Melanesian
The Khmers added a horizontal line above the glyph.
Fraternal twins are two eggs fertilized by sperm, where identical is only one zygote that splits.
Well, it's a pretty big one and it's got an Aquarium, so even if it doesn't have any Manta Ray's, at least I'm bound to see something cool
Yes, Gouda is within the Country of Holland and the country Gouda acquired the rights on cheese, for trading purposes
That's hilarious. I'd loved the television series, "Mythbusters"
It is also the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.
Studies show that yellow has people crave certain foods and you'll also notice the floor of supermarkets are also similar in color. Its funny you said red because this is also very common as it brings the attention of customers. How come you like red so much?
I do because it has swing and blue notes and smooth vocals.
I would definitely be more inclined to go that route when choosing the perfect care giver for my kids. I would feel even better using an extended family member of my child
I drink bottled water everyday.  I try to avoid carbonated water if I can help it.
Unbelievable, isn't it?! The formed in London in 1962. I like old fashioned diners, too.
I get attention from everyone!  LOL  The company was founded in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division
They are normally found in warm climates and tropical / sub tropical waters. I wish I could see them where I am!
Right, and red sky at morning, sailors take warning.
Thanks. You must have maintained a healthy weight through the combination of social changes and personal choices.
I'm not very sure about that. However the number was developed from a 6 lookalike by eastern Arabs.
Hey there! i'm very good! What do you know about the manta ray?
oh yes, i enjoy it, it si seen by many as America's classical music
It has higher levels of dark pigment.
They likely used Natural dyes, which can be from vegetables and plant sources like roots, bark, leaves, berries and wood. You can also find dyes in fungi and lichens!
Yes it isn't calming, but there is many shades of red. From yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to builsh-red s=crimson, it can vary from red pink to dark burgundy too. Grey seems alike a much more calming choice.
It is held in July
i look forward to it, if i like it maybe i will be adding another 1 to the 600,155 population of milwaukee
Well Target is the second largest retailer so it would be hard to avoid, it's behind Walmart. I've shopped at both.
Well before clowns were for the entertainment of the select few, now a days they are generally designed to entertain large audiences from a distance.
Yep!  I guess it's the price we pay for changing the hair color!
No, although some of them are industrialized, beinf automated by machines, so there is not much actual baking, I still think it would be fun though
OH don't even get me started on Lamboghini's, their founder, Ferruccio Lamborghini, must have been an absolute mad man to design such a feat of human engineering!
Me too! I love Pastas that are  dried and I sometimes like fresh pasta too. Whats your favorite kind?
Sometimes in the western world people draw a horizontal stroke through the middle of the 7, but you never see that on a keyboard.
Sorry to hear that, its also known as  also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). Did he get it due to long term fatigue?
various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J but vertically inverted.
Well i did't know that, thank for sharing. red is also color of a Grand Canyon
I've tried it a few times for strength training to help increase bone and muscle strength.
Early childcare is such an important part of a babies life too and development.  Just finding the right care that you can trust is so crucial
Yes buddy. in italy the names of specific pasta shapes or tpes often vary with locale
The substance that gives these peppers their spiciness when eaten is called capsaicin.
Probably! I am sure there is some TV show, similar to Haunted Lives: True Ghost Stories, about actual ghosts living in ghost towns!
Eating baked food is great, baking it is great fun too.
Yes its a intermediate between red and blue.
I think since a lot of cultures have their own styles and variations in costumes when it comes to clowns, some may be creepier than others.
Yeah there is certainly a portion of people that are more informal and do it for recreation in a much less analytical way
It's very popular to cover grey hair with hair colouring
Sadly, Mystery Science Theatre 3000 was not a hit.
Haha are you into a lot of fantasy books then? Sounds that way.
Cool! It has only been there since 2012 and has moved around a lot. I wonder why?
Yes, there are lots of different shades of red. Interestingly, a shade is red mixed with black, and a tint is red mixed with white - so pink could be a tint of red.
I'm really not sure but Ferrari was previously owned by Fiat but in 2016, became a separate company.
I don't have a favorite.  I consider Harley-Davidson and all motorcyles them death wish machines/donor mobiles!
Back in my earlier days maybe but not now.  You heard of "Gin & Juice"?
it is hard to find good teachers :( not everybody has enough patience and love! and quality care has such a huge impact on the future success of children
Brown hair is characterized by higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels.
I've decided that I don't want to live in Central Africa.  There are like 18-30 twin sets for every 1000 births - that's a lot of twins!
I'm not sure, but I know slow metabolism can be an issue.
Lasagna is my favorite. In Italy the names of pasta vary by location.
Obesity is when someone's body mass index is over the ranged defined as overweight. You get the BMI by dividing weight by square of height.
yes. and Romans used honey and oil. i bet their bread tasted so good
Interesting! I had no idea. I know that Christians have different views on alcohol. Not everyone feels the same about it.
Hi, I'm a baker! I make bread and other products that are cooked in an oven.
I'd hope so, but, maybe we'd get along well enough to go have pizza anyway, since it's so popular all over the world.
I think they look best in grey, it's an awesome balance between black and white
I like tasting wine too, but it doesn't have to be expensive. I just think the sensory examination of any wine is cool.
As is the case with the European glyph, the Cham and Khmer glyph for 7 also evolved to look like their glyph for 1, though in a different way
Red is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light
Yes and finding someone attractive can be distinct from wanting them sexually
Yes! The Mayans and Ancient Egyptians colored their faces red for ceremonies. Roman generals also colored their bodies red to celebrate if they had a victory.
It absolutely is a cause for concern.  Usually from food intake and lack of activity.
Not that I know of
Well in 2014, Brand Finance rated Ferrari as the world's more powerful brand.
Not really. I did a lot of strength training back in high school a couple years ago and other exercises.
Most people bleach their hair as a trade mark. I wouldn't be surprised if  Anderson Cooper hair is not natural
You're right, plus iron oxide also gives the red color to the planet Mars. I wish I could do there myself!
Yes, the original creators tried to recover their rights back to Superman when he became so popular. I guess it didn't work huh?
Arc welding is fairly striking to me. Gas tungsten arc welding can produce great welds
wow, not really, Intellectuals around the world have hailed jazz as "one of America's original
Well the character himself was created back in 1933 would you believe by a writer Jerry Siegel and an artist Joe Shuster.
I don't now, but I used to. I've coloured my hair red, black, blue, and purple. My hair is now just dark brown.
Ok so one of the sentences says indigo is also called "Ultramarine" okkkkkk....am I allowed to talk about another topic?
Yeah it is so cool! Even earlier as 1623 they had them in Spain called pan de perro.
I have once, for a short time only, its nice its a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention
Cookies and cakes. The heat gradually transfers from the surface to the center in regular ovens to get that baked taste.
Jazz is considered to be a truly original art form. I rally enjoy Charles Mingus
Yes he does and it is a dietary supplement for dogs or other canines, similar to human snack food.
Not sure. Perhaps fertility drugs. The Yoruba people have the highest rate of twinning, at 45-50 per 1,000 live births.
Well my hair is brown now, or brunette as a lot of people call it.
i can recall him being in the movie baby boy. and also after leaving death row recods, snoop signed with no limit records. he recorded his next three albums there. and i agree that still is impressive. i am inspired
Apparel, home decor, accessories, toys things like that
Is it hard to make the pasta into various shapes?
Jazz really is nice so soothing to listen to, its popular amoung african americans
One of my favorite Jazz musicians is Adelaide Hall.
I LOOOVE to bake, I think it would be awesome to be a baker,and own my own bakery.
Yes, some people also see it as fashionabler desirable, to restore the original hair color after it has been discolored by hairdressing processes
Not nearly at all, basically any country with processed foods is affected though. Childhood obesity is the worst, kids cant control having excess body fat if the parents just give them whatever.
Whoa! Interesting! I've heard that it has a wavelength of approximately 625-740 nanometers.
Red is visible of light, it is next to orange and opposite to violet
Not entirely but we do know it is almost primordial, red pigment made from ochre was one of the first colors used in prehistoric art. It moves our very essence.
I've been coloring my hair for years, and I'm not the only one. Americans spend about 2 billion dollars on hair dye.
I think you would like comic conventions then, there are usually a wide variety of panels, focusing on super heroes, there is also great cosplay.
Exactly, they must be pretty hefty in price since unlike other similar companies, the death of the founder didn't destroy it.
I am, I own all 6 of their studio albums and they're the 41st best delling band of all time
It is a primary color in the RGB color model, and it's also in the CMYK color model. It complements cyan.
Does she bake breads?  I love breads baked with beer froth (discovered by the Gauls) because is controlled yeast in the dough.
You're so cultured yourself! But since starting in New Orleans, it spread around the world and developed into many different styles.
That reminds me of that song, "I love Rock and Roll" by Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, now it will be stuck in my head lol.
Im not sure but by the fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed oven
Modern clowns a strongly associated with the circus clown mainly.
Snoop Dog was discovered by Dr.Dre
i love kids! i think early child care is very important
it is very popular around the world!
It's been hailed as "one of America's original art forms"
Brown hair is actually the second most popular hair color after black! My hair is brown too.
Me too, I love the fine ridges that go down their length, sometimes spiraling around the tube. it makes me so hungry just thinking about it.
Yes, there are a couple of types. There's identical (they develop from on zygote which splits) and Fraternal, which means they develop from separate eggs. Quite fascinating.
interesting to know they are 1 of 2 motorcycle manufactures that survived the Great Depression
RGB dates back to before the electronic age. It started out with old tvs!
Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory,
Showtime programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series.
Even 18% of men have colored their hair!
Sure, she was really the first person to realize that a simple device for calculation had far more applications than its original stated purpose.
These enclosed ovens were heated by wood fires that were mainly for different types of bread.
Mugs, pillows, bed sheets. They sponsor clubs and events all over the world.
Some people seem to think it is hard to lose weight but it really isn't. People are considered obese when their BMI is over a certain limit.
Agreed, red is also on the opposite side of the spectrum as violet.
Well, I don't know about that, but you would have a less common hair color without having to dye it some weird color.
Well, you can have identical which means the egg splits, or you can have fraternal where there are two separate eggs.
Yes! Some dog biscuit makers say that their products are good for dog's teeth - they help clean them
Baking is a lot of fun, I really like making bread, it's lots of work but well worth it!
Cavatelli is known by 28 different names in Italy
Ultraviolet, hence its name. But the thing I like most about red is that it's a primary color. You can't get red by mixing colors. It just is.
Yes because there are lot more beauty salons such as spas.
If I went to a hairdresser, though, I'd want to make sure I get my full money's worth! Forget just dyeing my hair - I'll stay there until it is colored, cut, and styled perfectly. Then I'll just have to sleep upright to avoid messing it up!
It's a 4 day even in July in San Diego, so I'd think it's one of the larger comic-cons.
Wanna know? I stay fact-ed up on the classics. It was first written by Alan Merrill (the Arrows) but theversion most of us all know (Blackhearts) 1982 all the way
Wow, that must have been amazing. There are two varieties of the rays, one larger and another a bit smaller. Do you know how big yours was?
Absolutely, red has quite a psychological affect, that's probably why stimulant pills are generally red or orange.
It's a great service. It was launched in public beta on September 25, 2007, in January 2008 it became the first music store to sell music without digital rights management (DRM) from the four major music labels.
Many people see Jazz music as "Americas classical music."
changes to diet (maybe not eating a lot of junk food and sweets) and exercising are main treatments
You should definitely learn! It's one of the basics and helps with color mixing and combination.
Yes i think next time Black panther characters will be there, is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name
Nice one! So do you use oven for backing?  Or a concentrated heat source?
The Queen of Jazz! I know Ella Fitzgerald. Lady Ella, they called her!
Its really tasty you should try it..Hard cheese is Parmesan, usually for this dish Pecorino Romano cheese.
I'm sorry! Sounds like you might struggle with overeating. Basically meaning that you eat an excess of food in relation to what you need.
I did a few years back. I played guitar but Gospel music usually has dominant vocals
Changing hair color seems to be pretty big among some demographics
Red wines are pretty nice, I can be a little picky with them at times though.
I really like the whole style of Jazz genre, the whole culture evolving around African-American Communities and New Orleans is amazing to me.
German car eh, used to love those growing up! But I also heard insurance is more for red cars
It is but quality care at a young age is so important
really they  are large rays belonging to the genus "Manta
I know much about color theory, which runs along the same principles. As it happens, it was Leonardo da Vinci's notebooks that were found in 1490 that first sparked the controversy of the field.
I'm not sure about whales. I also found it fascinating that manta rays gestation period last over a year!
Grains have been popular for a thousand or more years, so baking is a very old practice.
Yeah it is one of the most famous comedy clubs, in new york city, right in times square. I got to see Louis CK preform there.
Yes, they are a top notch Italian sports car manufacturer located in Maranello.
Speaking of Roses, have you ever heard the Guns N' Roses album "Appetite for Destruction"?
I canoe too! Have you heard of canoe camping? It's a multiple day canoe trip, where you camp at the end of the day.
yea they were often repeated in call and response fashion
I know they use it to help reduce our risk of foodborne illnesses and preserve freshness, I wonder what the effects of it on us are?
Well long hair is usually rated as attractive by both men and women.
Me too. A baker bakes and often sells breads using an oven or other heated device.
really, for i prefer a good baked bread for breakfast, bread is the most common baked item
When it comes to pasta and noodles i love fresh angel hair.
Throughout history baking has been kind of a social role for women, but I'm a guy and love to bake. Oddly enough though it's usually men who bake commercially. Strange isn't it?
You are right, he is multitalented, he is not only a rapper, he is also an actor and a record producer.
fitness can even describe machine's ability to perform a specific function. that's strange, right?
this topic
Cosmetic choices are at the basis of hair coloring
That definitely leads to the United States having the highest obesity rates in the world.
Reds range from the brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson which is really cool
Yamaha started in 1887 as a piano and reed organ manufacturer
Maybe, I don't really know what dominant wavelength means compared to just wavelength.
They were quite supportive actually. I think it's become more popular, I heard that 75% of women in Copenhagen have reported using hair dye.
Exactly. In recent years, early education is a important policy issue for lawmakers.
I like to do weight training for the strenght
Brown is brown dude! the cause is that there are higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin.
Gospel music got its start in the 17th century
I actually haven't heard a lot of gospel singers. What is yours? Gospel music goes waaay back to the 17th century.
It can be very useful in fusing certain materials. It also provides energy that is necessary in the heating process
Yes that is used for weather forecasting during the past two millennia. It actually really works too.
Yep, lossless data compression (which you rely on more than you may think) was created by David A. Huffman, a coding student at MIT.
Oh yeah! I also think its so cute that the dog biscuits are flat-bone shaped.
7 was developed from an uppercase V lookalike.
how long has he been there? was he in afghanistan too?
My hair is gray.  It use to be brown, but I am older now.
I understand. I like red sky at sunset. It comes from rayleigh scattering.
It would!! I've always wanted a green sports car though. Large variety of shades of green too haha. I want an emerald colored car.
You should try exercise and dieting first. Obesity is somewhat preventable through a combination of personal choice and social change.
"The coon" is about a superhero who grows jealous of another superhero, Mysterion.
Yes, my favorite is Kimi Räikkönen, one of the fastest racers today.
red has dominant wavelength of aprox 625-740 nanometres
Color influences peceptions that are not obvious, like taste and food. Supermarkets use colors to persuade people to buy certain foods such as Yellow is used for cereral boxes.
Joseph Grimaldi played one of the first mainstream clowns back in the day.  He was the originator of the white make up they use.
Well after the Hindus, the Arabs made the number longer than straight.
Yep, you are right. It is a primary color and the complimentary color of cyan.
That's interesting, and Mexican breads were actually influenced by the French
Yes, but practicing would be fun and help learn. I always thought the water sport of skiing would be fun. I always see how people are having so much fun being pulled behind a boat on those skis!
That's nice! You should give baking a try. Also, baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbeque variant by using both methods simultaneously.
Do you agree that obesity is mostly preventable through social changes and personal choices?
I love Jazz music but didn't get it at first.  Its so nice to listen to with its combo of swing and blue notes. Its very versatile.
They can be larger like the "M.birostris" or smaller like "M.alfredi".  Weren;t you scared of them?
It was developed through centuries but it changed significantly with the discovery of the new world.
the foreign relations of the PRC have led to great frictions between all nations, no one wants to mess with them for fear of economic distabilization
yes, The film's central plot explores it best characters
Urijah Faber.... That sounds familiar. Is he the mixed martial artist who used to wear dreadlocks?
Yes he does own a bakery.   Baking started in ancient Rome when they started mass producing bread.
Yes!  It is an Australian show.  I have some nieces and nephews that LOVE Peppa Pig.  I thought it wasn't going to come back after they went on hiatus, but they resumed the show!  I heard it is a very popular one with the kids all around the world.
Reports show that hair coloring is very popular, with 75% of women and 18% of men living in Copenhagen having reported using hair dye
You should play it in the lotto along with the following 6 and 8 you may win.
Well lots of jobs entail paintwork repairs to scratches, scuffs and dents, as well as repairs to the bodies of vehicles damaged by collisions.
Sounds delicious! Yes, I enjoy pasta. I like the traditional spaghetti and meatballs! How about you?
It  will  requires you to have  both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines  and a decent competence in its applied practice which is the art or "craft" of medicine.
I love baked goods, ive always thought being a baker would be cool.
If you are into sunsets, there is a red color that is caused by iron oxide.
I love Rock!  it is a popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s
The number 7 was written by Hindus in a single stroke as a curve that looks like an upper case J vertically inverted.
I had blonde hair that turns brown... I hate it so I dye it blonde. It is the 2nd most common hair color.
I have tried to change my hair color from brown to blonde on my own, and it comes out very bright or tinted orange in spots. Bleaching your hair at home is tough!
Well i would probably not make it for a month and hide all the time, and after few days give a tip to my hairdresser to come and fix the change :D
I have not seen it yet. Is it an update to the 458?
To cover my gray hair and have more blond
I just recently found out they were founded in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division and they built their first car in 1940! Didn't know they were that old
His widow, Teri Irwin is a remarkable woman.  She met him at Australia zoo and fell in love, and stood by his side through all of the TV shows and has continued his work since his death
Lol, that make s total sense. I do love the  polyrhythms and improvisation of jazz though. I could see using some of that with my vocals.
Yes, definitely! It's crazy to think in a study done by University of Copenhagen it found 75% of woman and 18% of men colored their hair
I'm not sure! Maybe a medium brown shade. I need to cover my grey hair!
I love pasta and its commonly referred to as noodles
A long time I think! The method of cooking used to be done entirely with hot stones or hot ashes!
I do, although it's not my favorite. It's one of the most popular chesses in the world.
Also red has a dominant wavelength measured at approximately 625-740 nanometres.
Personally, I prefer green :) Interestingly, at home coloring (with those kits) reached 1.9 billion dollars in the US in 2011. Talk about a lot of product
Agreed! Jazz came from African-American communities.
Many hair colorings are done professionally.
Yes I believe some states offer assistance through the TANF, or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families.
YES I LIKE IT. JAZZ IS A MUSIC GENRE THAT ORIGINATED IN AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.
Skin colors associated with black hair range from pale to dark skin
Hair dyeing is a modern art form almost, it seems
It is! It's a hard rock band from LA, California that formed in 1985.
I love Jazz. I'm also a fan of blues and ragtime.
Yeah, I was kind of a Superman nerd back in the day as a kid. I think everyone was. But I REALLY got into it. As a part of the DC Comics universe, one of the most iconic comic book characters.. he was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, writer and artist respectively, while they were still in high school!
The company was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939, and has always built race cars, as it is out of Alfa Romeo's race division.
Sadly, no, sustained abstinence is a prerequisite for sobriety. I wish though, haha!
Yup, this is why checking the center of the baked good is so important to make sure it is fully baked. Since the heat goes from the surface to the center.
i have heard People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height,
i think its the most popular cheese worldwide, i like making it with macaroni, i like homemade mac&cheese
Eating less would definitely help, since obesity can cause even cancer.
Yeah, it's cyan's complementary color too, which happens to be a favorite shade of blue of mine.
There are in modern times actually professional wine tasters and they use a consantantly ever evolving specialized type of terminology use to desribe the wine an its characaristics like flavors aromas and charactistics.
REALLY, BLUES IS A RHYTHM AND BLUE AND ROCK AND ROLL.
From what I know they're all rays, but there is a fairly wide variety. Apparently there are even freshwater varieties.
The French word for brunet", which is a diminutive form of "brun" meaning "brown/brown-haired"?,
Well in the practice of changing the hair color id just make sure to use plenty of moisturizing shampoo to make sure your scalp doesnt dry out.
Are you running your own bakery or do you work at another bakery
What would you like to know about him? He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi. Perhaps you'd like to know when his music carreer started
The color of blood comes from the protein hemoglobin while red leaves get their color from anthocyanins
music videos used to be really popular in the past.  I dont think they are as popular as they used to be.
Cognitive behavioral therapy helps me a little.
Enzo Ferrari founded it in 1939 from a race division known as "Auto Avio Construzioni."
I was a tennis player but that is bad on the knees. Physical fitness is generally thought of as proper nutrition, exercise and an adequate rest period.
It takes a lot Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies and others
AA takes their theory from the Big Book which also helps other addictions such as heroin addiction, marijuana addiction, and gambling addiction.
Yes, it is interesting that the diagnosis is based on symptoms for the most part.
The practice of wine tasting is ancient, however it has been formalized since the 14th century
I'll do all sorts of varieties of exercises for strength training including sports like powerlifting and shot put.
I wish i was a professional wine taster known as a sommelier.
I love Olive Garden especially the original one in Orlando they opened in 1982.
Oh yeah, I'm not surprised. Red and other colors are super influential. Cops are more likely to pull over a car if it's red.
I'm not as big a fan of Latin American cuisine, because I don't like maize-based dishes.
I do love a good cheesy tortellini! I have never made them from scratch, I'm sure it is quite challenging. How do you make them into their shapes?
I dont think its dangerous, hair dyeing with enough practice is good if done on other people to change their hair color.rather than yours.
Yeah! Mars is also the fourth planet from the Sun!
Not sure but there is no real cure there is limited treatment
The Ferrari, Italian sports car based in Maranello, is an awesome car!
I guess you could say that.  Anyone can do it though, there's just usually a less analytical process for personal appreciation.
That's right. People even can win the annual Inkpot award for dressing so well as person of interest in the comic and arts world.
Yeah it seems like it. I like how all the musical styles it's connected to lead to African-American and European-American. Another awesome thing is it's evolved into performance as well!
Yes exactly! And baking is absolutely fundamental. So many foods consumed are baked, and they can be nutritious and at times, necessary.
You must like changing your hair color. What color did you dye?
True, very true. Same here. I heard fitness is defined as a state of being fit. I think it's more of a way of life. It not easy to choose that daily though
not really, also people with brown hair are often reffered as brunette's
I love Disney we go to Orlando, FL as well being we live in Florida so it is very close, Disney World is just so magical I can't wait to take my daughters there to enjoy the park.
Well I just have a street bike, but I would love to try mountain biking which focuses on off-road and rough terrain.
Hmm you must be pretty brave to take a job without knowing the job description. As a conductor you will be a train crew member responsible for operational and safety duties that do not involve actual operation of the train.
My hair is brown, the second most common hair color.
Well we don't really know how it is cause, but there are alot of different potential causes like genetics and biology.
That's weird I guess, but music knows no age. I like the album because he worked on it after he was cleared of a murder charge, so I think it has some deep feelings in it.
It's a condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.
It is a primary color in the RGB color mode.
Id like to think so. For beginners the most common item to bake is bread. Then you can branch out and bake other various food items. I would start with that.
It's one of the most established, famous and recognized comedy clubs in the US. Lots of laughs there
It's hard to cut out caffeine! It's the most consumed psychoactive drug in the world!
I have some friends who are fraternal twins - one a boy and one a girl
Blond hair has a very low level of the pigment eumalanin
Red is a great color! Plant's don't grow too good under it but its at the end of the visible light spectrum!
Yeah, I don't think I would trust myself doing it at home. I know many people at work who dye their hair wanting to hide grey hairs.
There are so many! Each dish is usually defined by a specific kind of pasta. I love cavatelli the most I think.
probably a good choice for your mother, since they are docile companion animals.  That's why they call them Lap-dogs.
You're probably right. The fitness culture is also so daunting. I feel nervous being around those people.
Well I have not been around since they were founded in 1903, but since they seem to be a good company.
Overeating is the excess food in relation to the energy so you get fat and its a huge problem these days
Well the puzzles ask how many steps of pouring water from object to object it would take to reach a gold.
His music does have some Jazz elements and is definitely easy listening but he's really just a saxophonist more than anything else. But the saxophone is definitely part of Jazz!  So see, you like a form of Jazz. You are just missing the blues.
Baking can also involve just a normal oven.
Well it was developed from the blues and ragtime which was very popular back in the early 20th century so that is a big reason.
That's incredible, its important to stay in shape, I work out and maintain a Ketogenic diet for the sake of my wellbeing.
You are correct! During the Renaissance, red costumes for nobility and wealthy were dyed with cochineal and kermes.
There are so many shades, it is the second most common hair color for humans.
Indeed, Ferrari has continued to thrive and is one of the most successful sports car companies
That's awesome! I'm a trumpet player. It makes sense that it's so relaxing, its considered by a lot of people to be America's classical music.
I do like it red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum, it is opposite of violet
Same my dogs just loves them. but they tend to be hard and dry
Hmmm, I'm not sure if it has any specific meaning, but "Manta" is a genus.
perfect! Hindus first wrote the number 7 in one stroke as a curve that looked like 'J'
I think I might get a gym membership, On average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their normal counterparts so I will have to work hard
I love the album "The Chronic". I like every song.
no but black manta  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books
No, but I know that San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment
Both modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character.
I like it cause it is next to orange and opposite violet.
Sometimes I do cardio. I like to to plyometrics or "jump training" exercises which exerts maximum force in short intervals of time, with the goal of increasing my power.
Well it is a 4 day event held every summer. You can meet your favorite characters and creators of many different comic related things.
No, I've never dyed my hair, but I've been thinking of doing it recently, due to my gray hair.
Completely understandable, but you can't deny delicious food!  Luckily Eid al-Fitr is always there for us with a month of fasting!
Yup, it has been around for a while. Interesting though is that it was 1947 before the first "Ferrari" was built.
Baking can be combined with grilling things as well. That might be fun to try.
Yes, and they are powerful.  In 2014, Ferrari was rated the most powerful car.
Unfortunately, there is no cure, with treatment
Kryptonite Man is the name of several supervillains who appear in stories published by DC Comics,so you agree super man is one,don't you?
In ancient Rome a few centuries later the first mass production of bread started. They say being a professional baker started then.
Around 14th century a more formalized method became established
I really like pink- which a very pale red!
It was produced by several production companies. It deals alot with current affairs and the threats we face from other countries.
Disney world opened in the 1970's. I never went there. It seems like they'd have a lot of lines and it'd bee too hot. How much do hot dogs ost there?
I definitely do, its located in Times Square in New York City on Broadway
fun fact: the color red is at the end of the visible spectrum? It is next to orange and opposite violet.
I always enjoy baking, too.  I am not real good, but I like to try new things.  The most common thing to bake is bread, but there are all types of other kinds to bake.  What do you like to bake/?
hey, im great!  I was just thinking and reading about my hair color which is brown and saw that it is the second most common hair color after black hair
Binge eating disorder (BED) is a severe, life-threatening, and treatable eating disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of eating large quantities of food (often very quickly and to the point of discomfort).
why yes it is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model.  It is the complementary color of cyan
Superman was created by a writer named Jerry Siegel and an artist named Joe Shuster. They were high school students.
No, but it does  sound   kind of fun. It waas founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970
Jazz is mainly associated with classical music, but it can also mix into other genres a bit.
I love Italian cuisine I just love to have it full of vegetable bell peppers mushrooms and sugar beet.
I'm more of a classic car guy.  So I like the 1962 model.  Interestingly, the Ferrari 20 GT SWB Breadvan was built to compete against the GTO at the 24 Hours of Le Mans Sportscar Championship races.  So, two Ferraris were competing in the '62 races!
Horrible, it caused me a lot of physical and psychological stress because we lost a lot of casualties.
Baking is very important for me to maintain my nutrition.
It's just so strong, its so impulsive! It's all, "HEY! I'M RED, YOU SEE THIS?"
Interesting.  I will have to check it out.  I have the video game doodle jump on my phone
Well is the natural number following 6 and preceding 8.
Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014.
Well Physical fitness generally does make you feel tired,  But you can achieve so much through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and plenty of rest.
Its a genre of music that was started by African Americans in the Deep South. You should really check it out but its not for everyone.  Jazz is a bit more easy listening.
I learned that they were a racing team before they produced sports cars. I thought it was the other way around.
Yes jazz developed from roots of blues and ragtime
No it's pretty ancient.  It became more of a "thinkg" in the 14th century and has gotten more and more popular since.
It's very popular - 75%of women and 18% of men now colour their hair!
No I'm not sure you are the expert, the Scuderia Ferrari  are nice not sure if you have one yet they are used for racing team.
You may have heard people with brown hair called bruenttes before
Some sources say rintaloimod, a medication, might help.
main reason people color their hair is to cover grey or white hair
People with brown hair are known as brunette. That term came from the French word brunet!
Pasta comes in 2 forms usually. Dried and fresh. Always go with fresh if you can.
Yep has deep roots in blues and ragtime
The red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering which is important part of physics today.
Yes, gospel music is one of many Christian music sub-genres.
hair coloring is super popular, I know that over 75% of women and 18% of men dye their hair according to a study by the University of Copenhagen.
Too bad you have to go real far south to ever get a good look at 'em
I'd be Comic Book Guy from The Simpsons, cheap to make and very relevant lol.
I do mainly Strength training. It specialize in the  use of resistance to induce muscular contraction which builds the strength, anaerobic endurance, and size of skeletal muscles.
No I only saw the first three seasons that aired on BBC, because I don't get BBC One, since it's the flagship channel in the United Kingdom.
Hindus wrote 7 or less in their culture I'm guessing 7 was a lucky number for them as well what makes you like the number 7?
They have a slow reproductive rate and that makes it harder
I always wanted to be a baker, like as a profession. I think I most enjoy making deserts though!
It originated in the African-Amercian communities of New Orleans during the late 19th and early 20th centuries
Arc welding involves using metal to join metal via electricity and heat
You can also try Styx. They sing other type of music too but I like them because they are American rock band from Chicago. I love their albums released in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
It is a flour with egg or water mixed in.  Its really good homemade
I love to make baked bread. It's probably the most common thing people like to make. A classic for sure! You ever eat fresh baked bread?
I just don't see how you hate red. It has a lot of important history. Roman Generals used to paint their bodies red to celebrate victories.
I'm not sure, I have more experience with mozzarella, the most popular cheese in the US.
me too! I would so work in a bakery!
No, but just make sure it's not dog's bread. It's a special bread made with ground glass, poison and needles intended to kill dogs.
The name "conductor" is most used in North America. People in other areas of the world have other names for it. Do you ever work internationally?
Im not sure it will be packed just look around. they do other shows  WonderCon, held in Anaheim, and the Alternative Press Expo
Actually, the first mention of Gouda cheese has been observed to be as far back as 1184! So it is one of the oldest recorded cheese ever made!
Not particularly, but he does help other alcoholics make it through the program.
I was most impressed that her debut album received a grammy nomination as well.
well I do not dye my hair but I would imagine having a professional do it would be best, or just get a box of dye and do it at home
Well, maybe you should start referring to yourself as a sommelier! They are professional wine tasters.
It's called color psychology.
I can see that. Churches rely often on clapping and stomping for the rhythm in gospel music.
The sky at sunset can have deep reds in it which is due to Rayleigh scattering
Yes! Well Niagara has more than six million cubic feet of water that crests the fall every minute!
I know that it is before 8 and after 6!
Make sure you also look up Michael Schumaker. He holds the most world championships of a Formula driver, all with Ferrari. But the poor guy seems to be in dire straights after a skiing accident.
Yes it is, it's actually my favorite color! Different shades of red are super interesting when mixed. Crimson, for example, SUPER pretty.
What do you think about the New York CC? It's not as old as San Diego or E3, only first held in 2006 but I think it has potential.
Depends on what you consider coding, but in 1842, Ada Lovelace created an algorithm to calculate Bernoulli numbers in an analytical engine.
Well some of them include scarlet, crimson, and vermillion!
Early in time, the number 7 was written more in one stroke as a curve.
The natural color from things like berries, bark give off a color to the hair when applied.
Besides the shower head that sprays water. The real MVP of showers are the aqueducts and sewage systems leading back to the greeks that I mentioned above. The pipes (lead in the greek days) that pump water in and out to the shower are really what make the shower possible
My fear is definitely from IT. Even though clowns are designed to entertain large audience
Yes, and items are a bit different. It used to be named Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902 when it was first opened, and went through a few more names until 1910
WEll, white wine is primarily from green or yellowish grapes.
I do, my main motivation was to reduce my risk of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes.
I do sometimes. Depends on my mood I suppose. Cool little tidbit, Iron oxide gives Mars its blood red color
I love jazz music.  I've always thought that it was America's classical music'
Well for example on Wednesday evening before the official opening people can attend "Preview Night" to look at the different exhibits of comics and such.
In most armed forces use of the word "soldier" has taken on a more general meaning. It now a days means grunt
Yes you can there are many who do! Also, pre registered guests can attend a pre-event to give them an opportunity to walk the exhibit hall before it gets crowded!
Pies are a great baked good, but there are lots of different things you can bake. Cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat is what baking is.
I know that you can do it at home independently. Have you tried that before?
I have not heard such thing and don't really think it has any basis. There are some who even use manta ray night dive during scuba diving
Bakers will make bread using an oven, or any heat source to bake bread.
Yeah I know.But staying healthy is important.You enroll them in day care.
some abstain but An abstainer may be subconsciously motivated to resume alcohol consumption
There is evidence that suggests that cognitive behavioral therapy and gradual increase in acitivty suited to individual capacity can be beneficial in some cases
What sets Jazz apart from other types of music is the swing and blue notes, call and response vocals, polyrhythms and improvisation
Bush? Is that an album? I have "The Doggfather". I went double platinum in 1997. That one had some awesome tracks!
It is popular around the world. As it spread across the globe, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles
as measured by the flow rate, horseshoe falls is the most powerful waterfall in North America. I'm not sure what else there is to see over there.
The place where a baker works is called a bakery and my dad used to own one as well, what kind of stuff do you like baking
Eumelanin is the pigment that makes hair darker, so the more eumalinin that is present the darker the hair color
My favorite planet is Mars because it's red. Iron oxide is what gives it red tint.
BMI might also be determined by using a chart or a table.
They are! Even though they were formed in 1962 and have had a long list of line-up changes, they're still around today, with Mick Jagger still leading the band.
There have been no medications or procedures that have been approved for it in the United States.
It is a state of well-being, health and the ability to participate of sports, occupations and activities.
One other thing I can try is a medication called rintatolimod, but it hasn't been FDA approved. Still worth a shot though.
The company that owns it was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods and opened in 1902
Yeah, but back to the topic, baking is related to barbecuing because the oven is similar to a smoke pit.
The shade of brown can really vary from light brown to black nearly.
I have red hair, but one of my girls has brown hair because she has more eumelanin and melanin in her genes.
Well, Google bought the site in November 2006 for US$1.65 billion. I suppose not many people are aware of how expensive that is.
Yes, I know Snoop. His real name is Calvin Broadus, Jr. He was born in 1971 and is a rapper, singer, and songwriter.
I wonder if this associates with the fact that darker hair is more common among the western world.
Do you usually work in the center of the train, where you have a good view of the whole platform?
Changes to diet and exercising are the best treatments.
Sometimes when i daydream, i wish i was Shazam, the Marvel comic book superhero.
It borders the city of Buffalo-Niagara Falls, NY, USA and Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.
Yes my son is fair complexioned as well, and has light skin.  He either burns or stays Casper.
I am a recreational tastor. I do not use an analytical process.
Have you ever seen a full circle rainbow?
Me too! Exercise helps me with a state of health and well-being. It allows me to perform aspects of sports, work, and daily activities.
Yes I have a few times... hair coloring is very popular, with 75% of women and 18% of men living in Copenhagen having reported using hair dye according to a study by the University of Copenhagen.
Actually Goat Island has no residents at all, but is a popular place for tourists when visiting the falls on the U.S. side.
Selling almost a million opies was sold
I would have to go with the Fiat Chrysler from the FCA.
Didn't she produce that with Steve Bray? Crazy she was married to Sean Penn at that time.
The levels and color phases of brown range from light brown to almost black.
It is interesting that eumelanin and pheomalanin are the two types of melanin that decide the hair color.
Yes, it has, but some I think is just vanity too, categorized as fitness and attractiveness
i do like red, but I never was a fan of champagne, or sparkling wine. There are even laws around labelling a drink champagne which is interesting
Its turn to black. Red shaded from the pale red pink to the dark red burgundy
Well there are two types. The first are identical, where they develop from the same zygote. Fraternal twins develop from two separate eggs! What type are your sisters?
I've actually made my own once. It's easy. It's just semolina or flour and water.
Yes! It's the primary color in the RGB color model as well. And it is the complementary color of cyan :)
That's pretty cool! Did hair coloring  damage your hair?
That's so cute! You're also helping to improve her health with those biscuits! They help clean her teeth!
Me too! I love my pasta with alfredo or tomato sauce! Pasta is made in 310 different forms. That's almost one for every day of the year!
I bet that has been studied. North America and Europe have rates of 9 to 16 twin births per 1,000 births.
I know they are protected in international waters by the Convention of Migratory Species of Wild animals. I think they are very vulnerable if they get close to shore.
Sorry to hear that. Its also known as also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). How sever is yours and do you suffer from long-term fatigue?
No, not at all. I just mean to say that the common number system (digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 etc.) is Arabic in origin. This is as opposed to Roman Numerals.
In french  in French it means "melting", Maybe they were thinking of marshmallows when the got the name haha.
I like 7, seems pretty cool. I mean it comes after 6 and before 8.
I'm not sure, but they are the oldest surviving and most successful Formula One team, they've competed in every world championship since 1950!
Yeah,they were really fast & furious ...Lol.  Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni", the company built its first car in 1940.
Not only women, but 185 of men too!
Well we don't exactly have access to a Space Elevator. Although that would be a fairly convenient way to avoid needing such big rockets.
I like red because it's scientifically proven to have a very slight stimulant effect.
I know a little. Before the industrial revolution people thought of fitness as your ability to do your daily activities without getting tired.
Well with their triangular pectoral fins they can! So they do not struggle as much. Pretty cool right/
Cookies are fun to make too! When you bake cookies, heat is gradually transferred from the surface to the center.
That's cool. Gouda is one of the oldest cheeses known. Interesting, eh?
Only if they are fast. Fiat actually owns 90% of Ferrari.
Yes. The Target stores here in my area have great success and lots of cheap-chic deals.
I would agree and the US is already the fourth largest producer of hydroelectricity in the world.  So we are well on our way.
mmm, i'm getting hungry :) in Europe baking ovens were often separated from other buildings to prevent fire. so smart of them
Interesting relationship there between science fiction in a series such as "The Simpsons" and global events.
Breads are the most common and important foods.  Both from an economic and cultural point of view.  Cake's and pastries are popular as well but bread is by far the most popular.
Nice! Australian Aborigines and Melanesians are mainly brown too.
Usually 4 days a week. The modern definition of fitness is labeled as the abiltiy is a human or machines specific function or holistic of adaptability to cope with various incidents or situations.
You throw them in a bowl in the correct proportions, then put them in an oven, sort of like you would with a barbecue in a masonry oven.
And because of that, jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.
How dark did it get? Mine is pretty dark but it can vary from dark to light brown.
Yeah ,cos numbers is applies to various aspects of our lives ,like team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number,etc
Red pigment used to be made from ochre and was also one of the first colors used in art.
7? as in the number between 6 and 8?
Is the blond yellowish color?  Very different than brown/almost black hair!  The 2 types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin make up hair color.
As a conductor you will usually stay in the center of the train where you will be able to best view the platform. I hope you have good eyes!
the red color in blood actually comes from something called hemoglobin
Do you have light skin or is your family from Europe?
I prefer homemade bread! When production was industrialized baking was automated by machines and it just doesn't taste the same
two categories of pasta are dried and fresh, I make mine fresh with the pasta machine
That's very true. Obesity not only hurts your health, but your pockets as well! An average obese American incurs an averages $1,429 more in medical bills annually than their average weight counterparts.
Like you said, it is also a primary color in the RGB color model.
i also read that red is one of the first colors used in prehistoric art
The company was established in 1963 as Showtime/The Movie Channel Inc.
Funk is also from New Orleans, the famous funk band The Meters originated in New Orleans.
I have not. I really would like to go. I know it is in New York which is another place I havent been to but would love to visit.
Haven't heard that one I have to check it out Johnny Cash has also put out songs from genres like blues, folk and gospel.
I really like a red sky due to the Rayleigh scattering.
Wow I never knew that! Japan?? All I know is my Scandinavian ancestors say BRUN not BROWN especially rural Scotland.
it's more common than you think. I feel like food is so comforting! I strongly advice you to see a professional and start losing weight because obesity increases the likelihood of type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea even certain types of cancers
I am sure there are. There were 13 elders in the church in Revelation ! Seven is also considered a lucky number
They are very simple, as they are a noodle of unleavened dough.
Yes, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance.
He started in the 90's and was discovered by Dr Dre
Many people see Jazz music as classic music.
Yes, it is. In fact in 2014 they were rated the worlds most powerful brand.
His songs has some intresting titles like  Death row
Yes, I believe it is- red sky at morning, sailor's take warning too.
Well you just need some dough, water, and yeast and then you can bake it in the oven, quite simple.
Not that I know of. Itw asnt that good of a movie; USually shows like i like have their own patent medicine .
Yea. Wine tasting examines the wine using the senses and it helps to pair them correctly. Red and meat, for example (if you're into that)
I remeber that my pastor preached about it in bible study, people in China also is fond of red because they use it to color pottery for their great big walls and gates of palaces.
It means I put the dough, normally in the an oven, and wait for it to dry.
That's a good tip! I could see that applying for other batters and pizza dough to make sure the crust is crispy and still is soft in the center.
No I focus mainly on Weight training  which is the most common type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles.
Yes i was there in 2013 and being there i was able to try fresh pasta! the one that we usually weat its dried pasta those are the two categories they have
You should try dried or fresh pasta. They're known as pasta secca and pasta fresca.
If I'm not mistaken blonde is. The at home kits in 2011 had sales of $1.9 million and only getting higher
I do not know when it was first originated.  I would assume a long time ago though!  I do know in the past baking was typically performed by women in the house.
It is sometimes about poor choice, but there is also a genetic component that is linked to obesity.
Well some back problems are caused by muscle strain, so maybe by lifting you strengthened the muscles that were affected.
It's a great experience. The Caroline on Broadway is one the most establish and popular comedy clubs in the US. You should try and get there some time!
Maybe you have something in common with the the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans who use to paint their bodies and faces red for ceremonies!
He is awesome! Most people don't realize that his real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. He is also a TV personality. Have you seen him live before?
I do like Snoop Dogg. You have to remember that he has been relevant to rap since 1992 when he was discovered by Dr Dre.
We are talking about popular music in the 1980s.
Did you have it done professionally by a hairdresser or yourself?
There are these types of puzzles called water pouring puzzles.
Well it's found world-wide, but more common in Asiam East Europe, Latin America, and Africa
If i was a superhero, I would be able to fight SAVAK, the Iranian intelligence agency once run by Hossein Fardoust.
It is natural, it is the second most common hair color.
Oh defineatly, getting enough protein in your diet is essential to good muscle health and the bodies ability to function efficiently and effectively
Yes you must achieve fitness through repeated exercise and a good diet.
Cool. I know it is considered "one of America's original art forms." Do you have a favorite Jazz musician?
Oh yes, I had one of those too. It was released back in 2006 so that ones a bit harder to remember for me.
Yes, I love jazz. It originated in African-American communities in New Orleans.
At home coloring has reached 1.9 billion and is expected to rise in the US
Yes they do! It's called wine pairing. I have a friend who does it. There is also the ritual consumption of wine by the Jewish since Biblical times. Like the last supper with Jesus for example.
I could not recollect the name but i know their songs  evolved into a more energetic, driving rock sound in the early 1980s akin to Foreigner, Styx and Journey.
I think it later became industrialized and machines and baking was done in large factories later.
The white wines have a long history, too.  The white wines have been around for nearly 2,500 years, and they are produced through the fermentation of non-colored pulps of grapes.  Do you ever use wine in your cooking?
Issues such as endocrine disorders, genes and mental orders.
my favourite is the call and response vocals
You don't need much in order to bake bread.  All you need is dough of flour and water, plus a heat source of course.
I like my hair cause it is light brown but sometimes it almost looks black.
I understand that panda diplomacy is how China diplomatically gifts pandas to other countries.
All those terms come from derive from the Proto-Indo-European root *"bhrūn-" "brown, grey"
I don't have the numbers with me.But in 1988 the company was renamed Showtime Networks Inc.
He started his music career began in 1992
cultural conventions are important.  In some places, kids take take of each other
That is cool they fight along side a army.
Marceline is a character from Adventure Time.  It's an animated series by Pendleton Ward.
No, doctors still do not know the cause.  It could be biology, genetics or in someone's head from what I understand anyways.
You can also barbecue in the oven.
My bad haha. I think so too, red hair is not nearly as common as brown or black hair but I wish it was.
Wow! The red pigment is interesting! It was also used in prehistoric art.
After a shower I feel clean and fresh. I usually take one before I go to sleep.
I don't like bright colors, but they are popular at hair salons.
Yes I have always been into physical fitness to a certain extent.  I have always at least tried to work out 3 or more days a week to maintain health and bodyweight.    HOw about you?
There is a variety of conditions rather than a single disease
She used to be in a group with her family called "The Braxtons" in the 80s. They were pretty good, but I think she's better solo. She has put out albums somewhat recently.
It all depends on the location that they were made. Some villages call a certain shape of pasta a different name than another village.
Yes, it is on the Canadian side, but you get a great view of the region.
No, I dont know of any shows, but I think theres a movie called Se7en. It has Jjim Carey in it if im not mistaken. I really like medicine shows though. Theyre touring acts  that help heal people between different kinds of entertainment. Its actually reall cool
No. The first store opened in Roseville,Minnesota.
I also like purple, which is a color intermediate between blue and red. it reminds me of the sunset.
Yup! and people with brown hair are often referred to as brunettes.
Go ahead and dye it! 75% of women and 15% of men report having dyed hair.
You don't want to over work your muscles.  And being fit is the quality or state of being fit.
Cool was it a big band or a smaller one like a trio or quartet?
Higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin result in darker hair.
Many don't know that Jazz developed from roots in blues and ragtime
I read that it is natural state of a human being given at a birth. I do not quite agree with that statement.
I would love to learn more about Jazz which is such a major form of musical expression. I enjoy all types of music actually. I am quite eclectic is music taste.
Brown hair most common in Europe and the US, so maybe that's a possibility.
Yes I often associated red with those holidays as well. I also find it interesting that iron oxide gives the color red to the planet Mars.
Its a primary color with an approximately wavelength of 625–740 nanometres.
Scuba divers carry their own source of air, allowing for great independence.
I like jazz too. It originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries
For a long time actually, but it was in the 1920s through the Jazz Age, that jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.
In 1985 Warner sold its half-interest in the company to Viacom, that is now its sole owner/
You won't believe it if I tell you that some manufacturers of the biscuit thinks  clean the dog's teeth, promoting oral health.
That is a shame.  Long hair is very attractive.
They are good as well.  You can make with with ground almonds, coconut, and sometimes other nuts
I also use baking in combination with grilling to make a hybrid type of barbecue.  Do you mix up cooking techniques?
Initially it was called the Golden State Comic Book Convention when founded by Richard Alf, Shel Dorf, Ken Krueger, and Mike Towry.
Well if you buy an Italian version it runs about 300K,  Ferraris are manufactured here where I live in Maranello.
the planet Mars looks red because of iron oxide
They are really helpful in industry, connecting publishers to distributors etc
Human society has placed great value on beauty of human body
It started on BBC but after it got even more popular, it moved to BBC One.  It's had 7 seasons.
Supergirl is a pretty solid character. It's the name that is given to a few different heroes in the DC Comics.
I haven't seen the remake yet. Not brave enough.  The clown from Poltergeist was pretty evil, too.
I really like U2 also.  I will pretty much listen to anything by them and it seems like they just keep getting better.  Their 9th album, "Pop" is one of the best!!!
The 12 step program helps over eaters also, not just for alcoholics or drug addicts.
Well, they're just comic performers who use slapstick comedy. Not really much to be afraid of to be honest.
Yes. Ethanol is naturally produced by sugars or yeasts fermenting.
I wonder where blond hair comes from? I know its much more rare.
True. Brown hair is more common in the Western World. Mainly in Europe, the US and some areas in the Greater Middle East.
I've never gone wine tasting before but I know about it.
I don't really know. I think I lack the musical expression to truly appreciate Jazz.
The only kind of pasta I like with meatballs is spaghetti, but this is an american dish.
Wish i had a ferrari sports car.
lol That was a song of his. It was on album called "Doggystyle" became certified 4× platinum in 1994.
Have you ever been in the water with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.
I am not 100% sure on that however, I do know that it was founded by Enzo Ferrari and the company built its first car in 1940.
No but is extremly popular. Almost 75% of women dye their hair!
How do you heat your ovens for your bakery? Do you go with old style wood or more electric?
Carbonara is a pasta dish from rome, its made with an egg, hard cheese, bacon and pepper, its really grat!
yeah it is really interesting,  Baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant
Temprano means "early" in spanish so the grapes are picked earlier than most other grapes.
I rekon it depends on the venue and how popular the comedian is. Dennis Miller probably doesn't make as much as Eddie Murphy.
I have never heard that. Do you like Ray Charles?
Ferrari's are an expensive Italian sport car. They are awesome!!
Yes, that was my fist thought too. Have you try Live Roulette?
What I loved about her was that she has excellent vocal delivery and improvisational skills.
I want to learn more about them, I know they beach like whales, are they poisonous?
i enjoy gothic fiction, which is largely known by the subgenre of gothic horror, is a genre or mode of literature and film that combines fiction and horror or death
It is second to black hair.
Yeah and they have been placed in the family Myliobatidae!
A little bit but no worries everyone is doing it, in denmark is very popular 75% of women and 18% of men hae reported using hair dye!
You are welcome. Check out the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority for travel info if you're interested in visiting.
well in the renaissance the wealthy folk used kermes and cochineal to make brilinant red costumes
It does sound hard, but there is downhill mountain biking. You wouldn't have to pedal uphill, but there are jumps, drops, rock gardens and other things to contend with.
Oh that's so cool! Were you fishing in tropical waters? I wouldn't even know where to go to fish for them.
You are right the shades and variations of Red does have it meaning in different selections just like cautious behaviors etc.
I'd say you did.  Have you ever read Walden?  It's message of self-reliance and personal independence might resonate with a thoughtful mind like yours.
A doctor would diagnose you based on your symptoms.  You said you were tired.  What else is wrong?
It is a prime number so it cannot be formed by multiplying two smaller natural numbers
I don't know where he was born, I know that by being born in 1971 he is over 45 years old.
No I am not. But thanks for compliment. I have just read a lot about Maldives with its world's best scuba diving destinations
I have brown hair like many people - the most common color other than blac
it varies, but those mentioned since forever were  usually made from bran.
Well actually, before it was known as gospel music, that typical style of music can be traced back to the early 17th century.
The term physical fitness is a relatively modern term: Before 1700, fitness was considered to be the ability to carry out daily tasks.  I do not even meet this definition.
The first Ferrari was built in 1940. I would like to see a picture of that one.
I prefer that is dyed black because it's more professional for me because of my line of work. if i was a musician or private business owner I would have gone with purple
Ferrari was founded  in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari.
No I don't have it, but different agencies and scientific bodies produced different definitions
The Paris Wine Tasting of 1976 is when it started I think.
That must be spectacular, perhaps you caught a reef .) is a species of ray in the family Mobulidae, one of the largest rays in the world.
Brown hair has higher levels of the dark pigment and lower levels of the light pigment so I wonder if the thickness has to do with pigment?
I am not sure but red is a primary color.
When she was younger I did. Now it's more as a dietary supplement and a snack, like us humans.
Yes, and I am thankful haha. The showers of those days were similar to locker shower rooms that we use today. They even had a bar to hang their clothing on!
Also commonly used to refer to the variety of  dishes
There are various traditions in costume and performance for clowns. I guess you're talking about the Stephen King movie, It?
Nobody knows yet, man.  I'm sorry.  Some scientists think it's biological or genetic, and some think it's psychologically based.
Im not sure if they still make them in Italy that would be nice to know though
it's all movies and it's a four day event that goes from thursday to sunday
In color science, it is the physical property that defines the intensity of light beaming to create that specific color that we see
Personally, I am not much of a drinker; but I do know a little about wine tasting.  It has been around forever, it seems.  But the methodology of it today was really established around the 14th century.  Do you have a preference on wine?
The truth is that a dog biscuit is the equivalent of a human snack
Yale Food Addiction Scale is interesting. It is the first measure designed specifically to assess signs of addictive-like eating behavior.
It is next to orange and opposite to violet. End of the specturm of light
The Ancient Greeks were actually the first people to take showers, but the date is unknown.
We also have the Chinese numerals,a numbering system like that of the Roman and Arabic ones
i do enjoy jazz festival and jazz is seen as americas classical music
Jones soda might have a spicy soda, they're known for their unusual flavors.
I think it has to do with food and lack of physical exercise.
There is no sure that is approved in the US as of now. It would take just a lifestyle change I think.
Yes from what i know they still make ferrari cars.  In 2014 actually they were rated the worlds most powerful brand
Im not sure about that but  As is the case with the European glyph, the Cham and Khmer glyph for 7 also evolved to look like their glyph for 1
It is! The stars of the show are the hosts- Mary and Sue! You're going to love them.
Ketchup is the best. Especially Heinz ketchup. It's the most popular! 60% of the market share in the US, and 82% in the UK.
I've herd something crazy like 75% of women and 18% of men use hair dye.
A cool fact is that half of the global supply of chili peppers is coming from China, which is the world's largest producer.
Me too! My brown hair used to be blonde when I was younger.
at home coloring is a `1.9 billion business
Definitely. Around the world though, the term physician refers to a specialist in internal medicine
Mew's first film appearance was as a main character with Mewtwo. I love those characters.
Yeah they Both have triangular pectoral fins!
Not sure. The Yoruba people of Nigeria have an even greater incidence of twin births. It is speculated that is because they eat a lot of a specific type of yam which may stimulate the ovaries. Kind of bizarre, but who knows?
That is good, its ok not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol
1939! Enzo Farrari had built the first car in 1940!
I wish I could call myself a baker, that would be an awesome job
I only know that Ben Affleck is the new Batman in Batman vs. Superman.
whine tasting eh? the price of wine tasting is as ancient as its production
No I don't but I know about alien invasions and space invasion lol
Exactly! and most rely on hand clapping and foot stomping
Yeah, they're very interesting. The planets in astrology during the greek ages actually have different meanings than today's modern understanding of planets.
In the 1980s genres such as post-disco, Italo disco, Euro disco and dance-pop became more popular.
Yes there has.  Likely due to the correlation of fitness with attractiveness.
Yes, it is and intellectuals around the world say it is "one of America's original art forms".
