I love the 1980s music one of my favorite artists is michael jackson\nYou mean all of the major events and trends in pop music in the 80s? I love 80s music!\nyes thriller was one of the best albums ever made every song was a hit\nYeah Thriller was quite good, the 80s also saw the emergence of New Wave as a genre.\nwhat is the new wave genre. i have never heard of that\nNew Wave was similar to Punk Rock but also included electronic elements, Tears for Fears is an example.\ni have never heard of tears for fears before. what where there singles.
I love rap music.
I have always dreamed of owning a Ferrari
Ive always liked the lucky number 7.\nme too, hindu people used to write 7 with one stroke and it looked like and uppercase J\nhuh strange how different cultures can differ, didnt know it was written like that anywhere.\neven in cultures there are a lot of subcultures, most hindus speak hindi but bengali hindus speak bengali\nyea just shows how each individual society has their own culture and ideas that even the number 7 can change.
I love baking! My favorite thing to make is peanut butter cookies. What kind of baked sweets do you like eating or making?
I go to Target all the time, do you?\nTarget Corporation is the second largest discount retailer\nI assume that it is just before Walmart, but still huge.
ive never really used hair colors\nIt is the practice of changing the color of one's hair\noh yea makes sense
Do you ever enjoy listening to gospel music?
Have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color such as purple?\nI have never dyed my hair an unnatural color before. When I was younger I did dye it blonde from time to time.\nOh really? What is your natural hair color, if you don't mind me asking?
So true story. I once swam with Manta Ray and it was awesome.
Red was the beautiful and passionate color
One thing on my bucket list is to go to the San Diego Comic Con, it is a entertainment convention held each year in San Diego.\nI have always wanted to go to E3, the video game convention, that seems really cool as well\nWhat do you think about the New York CC? It's not as old as San Diego or E3, only first held in 2006 but I think it has potential. \nI have never been, but I am a fan of super heroes so I would like to check it out sometime\nI think you would like comic conventions then, there are usually a wide variety of panels, focusing on super heroes, there is also great cosplay.\nI have seen some of the cosplay, it is usually very very well done, I am impressed by a lot of them
Have you heard of Yamaha? They started as a piano manufacturer in 1887!\nI have heard of it. The make a lot of different things now right?\nYes, after WW2 the president repurposed their wartime production machine to make motorcycles\nI know they make four wheelers and jetskis too.\nYes! Yamaha is the largest manufacturer of musical instruments but they also make audio/visual, home appliances, and sporting goods\nI used to have a yamaha keyboard.
Hair coloring is the practice of changing your hair color\nDo you work in a salon for a living?\nYes i do currently .  Another fact is that salons have been around since the early 1940s \nDo you know why they choose to call them Salons versus another name?\nNot much information on that but i did find that women play a huge role within the salons\nI agree! When I get my hair done it is very rare to see a male doing hair. I feel they would be more of a barber. 
Have you ever heard of Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nI have! My aunt suffered with it for many years. She was diagnosed based on her symptoms, I don't think a clear diagnostic test exists. Have you known anyone who's had it?\nI have not, it sounds like something that would be awful, what are some of the characteristics of it?
I love pasta, the staple Italian cuisine. Do you enjoy it?\nHmm, to say that I love pasta would be something of an understatement, let's say. What's your favorite noodle style?\nI have to say I love gnocchi. I make it myself by hand just as it was traditionally done. Sometimes people use machines, or buy commercially produced stuff. But I keep it traditional.  \nOoh I like that! Stick some nice spicy arrabbiata sauce with it, ahhhh! Have you ever had bucatini before?\nOh yeah! I love that spicy garlic and tomato sauce. No I have not had bucatini. Is that a type of cheese? \nNow you're speakin' my language. No no, it's a style of noodle, like a really long straw. Bucatini amatraciana is insanely good.
Is it true Wine tasting is a delicate art?
My husband owns a little automobile repair shop! Well, we call it a garage, lol\nSounds good - does he make good money on owning a repair shop?\nYes, but he makes more money with the body repair than the mechanics.\nWhat are some of the common jobs that an automobile repair shop do on a daily basis?\nWell lots of jobs entail paintwork repairs to scratches, scuffs and dents, as well as repairs to the bodies of vehicles damaged by collisions.\nHow did your husband learn all these skills?  Does he have to do internship at another repair shop before opening his own?
I gained a lot of weight after my mom passed, Im geting obese but I was told it is a medical condition that I can get help for.\nI'm sorry to hear that!  Have you tried limiting your calories and getting a bit of exercise?\nI have, A few cases are caused primarily by genes, endocrine disorders and some just happen over time.\nWhat sort of help were you considering?  I know people who have had surgery and are quite happy with the results.\nI think I might get a gym membership, On average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their normal counterparts so I will have to work hard\nA gym membership is a great idea!  You might consider getting a personal trainer to help you - he's be able to design a good workout for you!
I love the color red which is at the end of the visible light spectrum. It is next to orange and opposite of violet.\nIt is a very symbolic color, for sure!\nYes! The Mayans and Ancient Egyptians colored their faces red for ceremonies. Roman generals also colored their bodies red to celebrate if they had a victory.\nThat makes sense! It is the color of blood after all. I think purple had a lot of symbolism back then too didn't it?
Do you know what Chronic fatigue syndrome is?\nI am not entirely familiar, but I know it is not due to what usually causes fatigue which is ongoing exertion.\nAny idea what causes it? Ive heard of it, and of course have felt fatigue just from everyday life, but I cant say its chronic..\nNo, doctors still do not know the cause.  It could be biology, genetics or in someone's head from what I understand anyways.\nIve been looking into pain causes, has ive always dealt with back pain, been following some research being done by some doctors that are big into treating pain with weight lifting, it really has made a difference for me. alot of what they say is pain is mostly in your head.
I like red color
Im a sports man ,Physical fitness is regular stuff I do to keep fit.\nMe too, physical fitness is really about eating right, getting the proper amount of rest and vigorous exercise\nWhat steps do I need to take to keep my body in shape?\nFitness means being fit and able to exercise and do strenuous daily activites\nSo what type of  food do I need to eat regularly?
My husband really loves the Ferrari brand of sports car - do you have any preferences?\nFor sports cars i dont really have a strong preference, i think they all look really cool. sports cars i dont see alot. i livein a small town
topic is good\nWhat is the topic?\nthis topic\nWhat is the topic? What do we have to talk about?\ntopic map\nI really try to understand you, but i can`t. Do you wanna talk about maps ?
I think Red is my favorite color. When I was a kid it was blue.
Hair coloring or dyeing is changing the hair color from it's original color. My favorite color was smurf blue!\nMy daughter dyed her hair blue at one point! What else can you tell me about hair dyeing?
Do you know that Gouda cheese is made from cow milk? \nMost all cheese if made from Cow milk I think. I'm a fan of Gouda, it is pretty good.\nI bet because it is one of the most popular cheeses worldwide.\nYeah, what is your favorite cheese?
My favorite kind of music is rock and roll. I like classic and modern rock. What about you?\ni like Rock and roll because it developed from the music of gospel and blues in the 1940's and 1950's.\nYeah, I think Elvis had a lot to do with the invention of rock. Can you tell me about him?\nDo you mean  Elvis Aaron Presley, the American singer and actor?\nThat's the one. I think his nickname was the king of rock 'n roll.\nI had just heard of him being "The King".  There probably would not have been a Sun Records if not for Elvis and Sam Phillips.\nHe was revolutionary for his time. Many older people thought he was straight from the devil.
I've always loved Ferrari's - the first one was built in 1940 - I bet that one goes for a pretty penny if it could be found?\nIt's an Italian car maker isn't it?\nYes it was, based in Maranello.\nIt is a racing car too I think. It's in the Formula one races I believe.\nI'm not 100% on that, but I do know that all cars have to conform to the "formulas" set of rules.\nThe road cars have a really nice design I think. Some of the older ones,
I love baking, it's so fun!\nyea bakers are great at cooking food like pastries and bread products\nYes, some of the most delicious foods on the planet!
I'm having pasta tonight for dinner. Do you enjoy pasta?\nSounds delicious! Yes, I enjoy pasta. I like the traditional spaghetti and meatballs! How about you?\nYes, I enjoy it, especially big meatballs. Do you Fettuccine pasta? \nYes, I enjoy Fettuccine pasta. I think it's the best with Alfredo sauce. What other pastas do you like?\nI like regular macaroni pasta, with cheese! Do you?
red is one of the best colors
i work in child care or daycare\nHow fun! What do you like most about working in child care?\ncaring for children! playing with them and just see them grow\nThat sounds like a very rewarding job! How did you get started in that industry?\ni love kids! i think early child care is very important \nOf course! What challenges exist in the child care world? Is it hard to find qualified people to fill those roles?\nit is hard to find good teachers :( not everybody has enough patience and love! and quality care has such a huge impact on the future success of children\nI agree! Those early childhood years are so formative! Is child care expensive for most families?
Niagara Falls has over six million cubic feet of water going over the falls every minute!! That's insane.\nI have never been to upstate New York, but I would like to.\nThere are 19.85 million people that live in the whole state, and I've never even visited Manhattan or Long Island, much less upstate new york or anywhere else!\nI have been to New York City, there was so many people, it was crazy!
I love rock and roll music, a genre of music that became popular in the late 1940s, what about you?\nI'm not really into it but I would like to know more\nWell it's origins are derived from the rhythm and blues music of the 1940s.\nwho are some famous rock and roll singers?
I love Wine tasting \nWhich type of wine do you use?\nAny wine of your choice can be used.  is the sensory examination and evaluation of wine.\nWhat type do you prefer the most?\nI love blue ray wine,  the practice of wine tasting is as ancient as its production\nOh I see, Whether it is good for your health
I give my dog two dog biscuits when he is a good boy.\nAww! That's cute! And actually, you're doing something good for his health! Dry, hard dog biscuits can help clean a dog's teeth!\nThat what I have heard and he just loves them!\nI'll bet! Dogs seem to like dog biscuits like humans love snack food! I know I'd be happy if someone handed me snack food a few times a day! Ha!\nSame! Do you know what the treats are made of?\nI think they're made mostly from bran. Way back in Roman times, dog treats were mentioned to be "dog's bread." It's hard to believe dog treats have been around for so long, isn't it?\nyeah I had no idea they made them way back then\nSpain jumped into the dog treat trend back in 1623. They called treats, pan de perro, which translates also to dog's bread. People have been pampering their pets for ages!\nYeah sometimes I think my dog eats better stuff than I do.
I am a retired computer programmer. I enjoyed my life as a person who creates computer software.\nThat sounds interesting, what kind of software did you create?\nI create all sort of software as long as long it is an executable code consisting of machine language instructions\nThat sounds complicated. How long did it take you to learn to do that?
I used to have quite the problem with overeating, as I used to be pretty chubby myself. Have you had that issue?\nFortunately I've been able to avoid that problem. I know it can be a big issue during the holidays, as many people tend to overeat during those times.\nThat's true, since there are so many gigantic meals during that time and people don't care as much.\nIt can also happen during festivals because people have built up so much anticipation to the event, and we even encourage overeating sometimes, for instance Thanksgiving.\nWe certainly do encourage overeating in some cases, but it seems to be very rare and it seems like weight loss stuff is really popular around that time too.\nWell I think the market for weight loss programs goes up during that time because they know people will be feeling bad about overeating probably, there's even 12-step programs for overeaters like Overeaters Anonymous.\nI would bet that you're right about that. People get very self conscious around the holidays because of all the food.\nDefinitely, fortunately there are many beneficial theraputic ways to help stop overeating, like group therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy for example.\nGood to hear, there's also a lot of self control involved in losing weight that a lot of people just don't seem to have.
Red is such a passionate, vibrant color\nIt really is!  My kitchen is actually red - it's at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange and opposite violet.\nIt has the longest wavelength from what I can remember!\nIt does - you are smart!  The wavelength is 625-740 nanometres!\nThat's long, I guess! I know that violet has short wavelengths.\nYep - approximately 380-450 nanometers.  Red has so many variations also, from yellow tinged to bluish-red to red pink and even burgunday.\nHair coloring\nI think red hair is the prettiest hair shade ever honestly. And red is even used in ceremonies for Ancient Egyptians and Mayans\nRed
Working at a daycare is tough work. I'm so exhausted everyday when I get home. Kids can be quite a handful!\nChildcare also know as  daycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children, usually from age six weeks to age thirteen\nYeah, I know. lol. Kids have so much energy. They are always all over the place. It's hard to have a silent moment!\nIt takes a lot Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies and others\nHave you ever had to babysit or look after a child?\nyes, it covers a wide spectrum of professionals, institutions, contexts\nIt's a very important job, I might add, If were going to talk facts! haha. \nI agree, Early child care is an equally important and often overlooked component of child development\nMany people think that a daycare shouldn't really be the person taking care of children. That they are much better off at home with their parents/guardians 
Do you enjoy a good wine tasting. I find I meet the most interesting people at them.
I love baking, it's so fun!
I have 3 Ferrari cars in my garage and I hardly know nothing about them. i read some self help books, then I was rick all of the sudden.\nThose are some nice cars they are manufacturer in Maranello. \nYeah that's pretty cool. Do you know how old the company is?
I'm not really a fan of the color red.
Do you dye your hair?
My favorite color is red, it's also a primary color in the RGB color model?\nyes the three primary colors are yellow, red, and blue, blue is my favorite\nThe name of the color model RGB derives from the primary colors being used Red, Green, and Blue\nyes and all three colors can be combined to make all the colors of the rainbow, this makes sense as when you are looking at something 93% of the time we judge its appearence and how colors appeal to us
I love music ,especially the Rock and roll  \nDo you have any favorite artists?\nMy favorite artist are Paul Revere & the Raiders.\nWhat songs do they sing?\nThey are  an American rock band that saw considerable U.S. they featured prominently in the 60's & 70'd\nDid they win any awards?\nThey won the category of the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Awards.\nSo they are pretty popular?
My favorite color is red. It is a primary color in the RGB color model!\nMy favorite color is orange. It derives from the color red and yellow.
I like going to comedy clubs such as Carolines on Broadway. It is one of the most famous comedy clubs. Do you like comedy clubs? \nI have only been to one but I loved it\nI like that stand-up comedy is just a comedian reciting stories in a monologue. \nOh ok is that like open mic night or different?\nAn open mic is different. Open mic is where audience members get up and try material. \nOh so just random people I bet they are not as good as the pros
I have a twin in real life and when people see us together, I get real sick of them asking if we are twins!\nHow interesting! A developing fetus is called a singleton if they are alone but a multiple if there is more than one developing!\nThose embryos sure like multiplying! I wonder if twins are more rarer than triplets?\nWell, the twin birth rate in the US rose from 18.9 to 33.3 for every 1,000 births between 1980 and 2009\nWow, do you know what caused the spike in the rate? Is it a genetic thing?
I go to Target all the time, do you?
7 is my favorite number, It is a natural number.\nI like the number 7 too!  I always bet on it at the casino!\nDo you play Roulette? Roulette on French mean "little wheel".\nYes, I do!  I think it's an awesome game and I play it every time I go to the casino!
I'm a huge fan of Jazz! It's an awesome music genre with cool African-American roots which is what I love about it!\nJazz is fantastic, although it seems to have fallen from popularity since the 50's, where rock and roll took over.\nYeaha and in the late 19th and early 20th centuries it developed into blues and ragtime too.\nModern Jazz appears to be more inspired by those evolutions than the original Jazz that was prevalent in the 1920's\nYeah it seems like it. I like how all the musical styles it's connected to lead to African-American and European-American. Another awesome thing is it's evolved into performance as well!\nA Personal favorite genre of mine is where jazz instruments were introduced back into Rock and Roll and became Ska.\nThat's nice too! Originally it was characterized by swing and blue notes for example, response vocals and polyrhythms but of course all that evolved with time too.\nIt seems like Jazz is the bedrock for most modern American Music, with Bluegrass making up the rest.
Do you ever experiment with your hair color? I love hair coloring.\nI do! I actually just got my hair colored yesterday! I don't do it myself but I love going in to get it done. How about you?
What is your favorite number? Mine is the number 7\nI like 7, seems pretty cool. I mean it comes after 6 and before 8.\nI just remembered a joke from when I was a Kid. "Why was 6 afraid of 7?'\nYeah I have heard that, funny. Long ago 7 was written in a curve so it looked like a J.\nReally? I didn't know that. Why was it changed from the curved J to the 7 it is today?\nThat is just how they wrote. The western Ghubar Arabs' made it more diagonal than straight to kind of differentiate it.\nI guess that would make sense. 
I've been diagnosed with Chronic fatigue syndrome. I get so tired and it limits what I can get done in one day.\nWhat is Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nThe technical term is myalgic encephalomyelitis. Its a condition where you have long-term fatigue. The cause is not understood though.\nIs their any solution?\nThere have been no medications or procedures that have been approved for it in the United States.\nWhat do you intend to do
I love to bake! Especially when it's for my family or close friends. Do you like to bake?\nI love to bake also.\nWhat are some of your favorite things to bake?\nI really enjoy baking bread.\nAny particular kind of bread? Or just normal ole' bread? I love eating freshly baked bread. :)
do you prefer dry or fresh pasta?\nI have always preferred fresh pasta it's much better how about yourself?
I love the color red, because red roses are my favorite.
I've been looking into different hair colorings to mask my grey, but I'm worried about if they're dangerous. Help!\nI dont think its dangerous, hair dyeing with enough practice is good if done on other people to change their hair color.rather than yours. \nMight be a little hard to get volunteers for me practicing hair coloring. Seen any teenage scene girls lately? They might be willing, lol.
I recently saved my money and bought a Ferrari! It's an italian sports car.\nOh wow! I bet that is nice. What color is it?
Target always felt like the slightly classier walmart.
I love baking pies and cheesecake in my spare time but I would love to expand into other things could you tell me more about being a baker?
Not too long ago, I was severely overweight. Considered obese for my height. It's been a struggle but I have lost some of it.\nWhat was your Body Mass Index? Was it high?\nYes. It was a 35. I have it down to a 32 now.\nThat is good. Obesity increases the likehood you will get diseases.\nYes it does! I had gestational diabetes when I was pregnant with both of my kids, so it is very important that I control my weight. I have a somewhat healthier diet now, and I do yoga five times a week.\nThat is good you have a healthier diet. Your child is at a higher risk of having type 2 diabetes.\nOh really? I honestly did not know that. They are both pretty lean and healthy right now, but I will definitely need to work to instill healthy eating habits.\nYes, type 2 diabetes is a long term metabolic disorder. Hopefully they will not have that.\nI hope so too. Thanks for letting me know that!
Jazz is a music genre originated in New Orleans african amaerican community\nI love jazz! Sinatra and Tony Bennett are my two favorites. Diana Krall is also a good new singer.\nYes jazz developed from roots of blues and ragtime\nCorrect! It has deep roots in those genres. I love the trumpet in certain jazz songs.\nMany say that Jazz is America's classical music\nCorrect! I think so. it was so dominant in America in the 40s and 50s.
Red is for me a primary choice of color. It reminds me to be careful and attentive\nRed is a neat color. Blue is my favorite because I like the sky.
My favorite color is red do you like it?\nI like red, but pink is my favorite it is named after a flowering plant in the genus Dianthus. \nWhat is the wavelength of red
Red is my favorite color. It is the color of a lot of my favorite things, like strawberries.
I have brown hair that's so light that when you look at it under certain types of light, it looks blonde!\nHey, me too!  It is pretty common to have brown hair, you know.  It's the second most common color.\nI don't know if I want to be common though. Should I dye it so it's not brown anymore?\nWell if you want to get away from brown hair, why not try an unnatural color like cadet blue or purple?\nBecause if I dye it cadet blue, I'm worried that means I'll have to join the Air Force.
7 has always been my favorite number. It's very lucky for me.\n7 (seven; ) is the natural number between 6 and 8\nYes, I know. It is also an interesting number (7 deadly sins, etc) and can be known to be a lucky number\nvarious Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J but vertically inverted.\nThat is interesting!
When I took my daughter to Sea World she loved looking at the large manta rays. \nI love Sea World!  I've been many times, and I love to see the dolphins!
Red is my favorite color, it's so powerful and aggressive I feel like.\nRed is a great color! Plant's don't grow too good under it but its at the end of the visible light spectrum!\nReally, do you know exactly what wavelength the color red occurs at?
I really like the number 7. Can you tell me anything about it?
My cousin just gave birth to twin boys\nWow, having two kids in the same pregnancy must have been an experience.\nWell she had a daughter first but still it was a unexpected surprise.\nIn fraternal twins, each twin is fertilized by its own sperm cell\nThey and identical twins the look like you copy and pasted a baby\nThe birthrate of twins in the US rose 76% from 1980 to 2009\nThat is kinda crazy! But I dont think I have seen a pair in many years
Hey, I like to stay fit. Do you exercise?\nNo i don't In fact i tried to wash my car this morning and had to stop because i was so out of breath.  If physical fitness is the state of well being, i am just the opposite.\nInteresting. That's too bad. Do you know much about fitness? I haven't been doing it long, and would love to learn more. \nThere's not much to know: eat well, get a lot of exercise  and sleep.\nDo you know when people started to be conscious of staying fit? I know there were Roman Gladiators.   \nThe term physical fitness is a relatively modern term: Before 1700, fitness was considered to be the ability to carry out daily tasks.  I do not even meet this definition.\nWow, yeah I didn't know how far back people exercised to stay in shape. Do you know much about bodybuilding?
I like jazz music\nYES I LIKE IT. JAZZ IS A MUSIC GENRE THAT ORIGINATED IN AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.\nReally?\nYES.ITS DEVELOPED FROM ROOTS IN BLUES AND RAGTIME\nI like blues\nREALLY, BLUES IS A RHYTHM AND BLUE AND ROCK AND ROLL.\nReally?
I don't drink alcohol at all, I'm all about sobriety\nThats a good choice. Alcohol is just never the answer for anything.\nI agree with you! Sobriety is such a natural state of a human being given at birth\nYes, unfortunately many mothers drink alcohol during pregnancy which can cause the baby to have some health issue.\ngosh that's so horrible! my father used to be an alcoholic so i'm pretty traumatized, that's why i all for sobriety and i want everybody i care about to be sober\nSorry to hear about your trauma. I once drank alcohol and hit my friend in a drunken rage. I have vowed to be sober since then.
Rock and roll is my favorite music !\nI'm not to big on rock and roll especially not heavy metal but I like when it is mixed in blues records and country records.\nIs there anything else that you could tell me about rock and roll?\nNot really I just know it is from the United States and United Kingdom you are the rock fan give me some pointers who is some great people to listen to?\nOne of my favorite artist would have to be johnny cash\nI know of Johnny Cash I have seen him in movies he is a worldwide best selling music artists what's your favorite song from him?\nRing of fire is my favorite johnny cash song !\nHaven't heard that one I have to check it out Johnny Cash has also put out songs from genres like blues, folk and gospel. \nVery interesting.  You should check him out sometime very good artist
My husbands favorite color is red.  do you like that color?
I've never been to a Comic-Con, but the San Diego one seems interesting.\nI hear it's the best one.  I'd be interested in going but it is too far away.
i love going to comedy clubs. I am thinking about going to Carolines on Broadway
Hello \nHello-- that reminds me of that Adele song.\nMy favorite color is red \nHave you red about how color studies can determine human behavior?\nyes  for example did you know that the color red has a meaning of protecting you from fear and anxiety
Overeating is a serious problem in the USA.
Do you ever go to nightclubs?  I have always wanted to go to Carolines on Broadway.  Have you heard of it?\nNot anymore, but I've heard that Louis C.K. performed there in the past.\nI did not know that.  I do remember seeing him on HBO's One Night Stand.  He was pretty funny.\nYes, he is funny! He deserved each and every Emmy award won over the years.\nYeah he has been on Saturday Night Live three or four times.  Hilarious each time!
Hey there.  What kind of baked foods do you like?\nI enjoy baking bread. It is the most common baked item.\nWhat type of bread do you bake?\nI like baking garlic bread and then also combining it with grilling to produce a hybrid variant by using one method after the other.\nWow that sounds delicous, I would love to try it. You are making me hungry right now.\nIt's best when you use a french baguette and slice it only partially downwards, allowing the condiments to soak in. I am making myself hungry as well.\nI need to head to a bakery tomorrow.  I sadly don't know how to bake that type of bread myself.
I have a friend who is suffering from obesity, do you know what that is? \nI do Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat  ccumlate\nOhh okay I see, is there anyway to reduce that excess body fat? \ni have heard People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height,\nOkay I see, that is interesting to note, I am not sure what her BMI is, but she told me she has been diagnosed with obesity.  Can you tell me more about it? \nyou should know Obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases and conditions,\nI have heard about that before, what types of diseases and conditions does it increase? 
I am planning a trip to San Diego Comic Con, have you been?\nYes I love CC, San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nWhat is your favorite thing about comic con?
I love jazz music but I don't know much about it .Call you tell me more?\nJazz is a musical genre\nI know it is,more descriptive pls\nJazz is seen by many as American Classics\nDon't understand! When was the first jazz music record?\nJazz started since 1920\nWNO was the first jazz artist ever recorded?\nJazz has west african roots and musical expresions\nDo you know Any popular renowned jazz artist?
I like Jazz music. It's been great since the 1920s. how about you?\njazz is very soothing, i like it as well\nYes! Specifically I love swing and blues notes. Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett are great.\nfrank sinatra is my fav\nYes! He is one of the best selling jazz artists of all time. Over 150 million records!\nthats some crazy numbers!
I really like the number 7. Can you tell me anything about it?\nits a natural number preceding 8 and following 6\nI think it is a lucky number. Wonder why 7 is associated with luck.\nNot sure? The hindus in the beginning wrote 7 in one stroke as a curve\nI see. I have seen 7 written with a line through it as well. How interesting.\nArabs write it with horizontal upper line \nThat is what I have seen. So the Arabs started that. I love the arabic numeral system.
I like baking, it is my favorite hobby.
Red is such a beautiful color, it sits next to orange and opposite of violet on the rainbow\nwhat makes red red?\nWell red red the dish is made of fish and blackeyed peas and onions and oil and tomatoes. \nwhen did the word first appear in history?\nwell in the renaissance the wealthy folk used kermes and cochineal to make brilinant red costumes\nlol ok, what is the wavelength of the red color?
I love rap music. Have you heard Drake's new album?
The number of 7 is a really interesting number.\nWell, I guess it could be! It's considered lucky for some people. \nYeah a lot of people a superstitious about that.\nSailors have lots of superstitions that are specific to being a mariner. Do you know of any of those superstitions?\nYeah I think red sky at night, sailors delight is a sailor superstition right?\nYes, I believe it is- red sky at morning, sailor's take warning too. \nI don't know any other sailor's superstitions, but the number seven is one of my favorites for sure, it's really unique.
I like Jazz music. It's been great since the 1920s. how about you?\njazz is very soothing, i like it as well
Do you like Ferrari cars?
Jazz is super groovy, man. Ever heard of it?\nYes I have. I originated in the early 20th century in New Orleans communities! Who do you like?\nOh man, I have a smarty pants on my hands!  I love me some Miles Davis. Where did jazz originate?
Hello dear, do you like hair coloring?\nI have died my hair in the past for plays at school. I would like to know more about it though.
So I'm on a serious diet with exercise to combat my obesity. I currently weigh 300 lbs.\nTell me about your diet?
Baking is such a fun passtime, plus you get baked goods when they're done.\nBaking is a lot of fun, I really like making bread, it's lots of work but well worth it!\nBread is one of my favorite things to bake too!\nI wish I could call myself a baker, that would be an awesome job\nIf it made more money than being an engineer than I would bake forever.
Hi there! Are you a baker?Our do i say:Do you love to bake?\nHey, how are you? I do like to bake, cookies and cakes!\nNice one! So do you use oven for backing?  Or a concentrated heat source?\nYes, I use the oven for my cupcakes and I have a mini cake baker that's like a waffle maker. My fave flavor is lemon so any time I can, I like to make lemon cupcakes. How about you?\nI use a method called pressure cooking using water and other liquid in a sealed vessel\nI bet that's fun. I've been baking for a long time and it's definitely a fun thing to do on the weekends. What is your fave thing to bake?
hello, i do like red and it is my favorite color
My hair is brown, how about yours?
So I am a big pasta fan.  I grew up on it and I don't even come from an Italian family.  Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta! It is amazing! It was created in Sicily back in 1154. \nI knew it went back a long ways, but I was unaware it was that long ago.  I like the fact that there are so many pasta dishes to choose from
I have only dyed my hair once. nothing permanent a rinse really. WOuld you dye your hair\nyes I have but the reason was  to cover my white  hair\nI love seeing silvery white hair. My kids laugh at me because I have two strands and I brush my hair to make sure they show. LOL. What color did you use?\nI used black because my hair used to be all black but now it's all white and im barely 45 years old. My hairdresser does  a good job of coloring it for me once every 2 months \nOk. What do you think about using colors like purple or pink, which are not natural hair colors?\nI prefer that is dyed black because it's more professional for me because of my line of work. if i was a musician or private business owner I would have gone with purple\nYes, purple is more appropriate for a creative type like a rocker. Would you ever conside leaving it all white, it can be very distinguished like an Anderson Cooper look.\nMost people bleach their hair as a trade mark. I wouldn't be surprised if  Anderson Cooper hair is not natural\nTrue, it probably isn't natural. LOL  My sister bleached her black hair then added orange dye, can you imagine. SHe is a manager of a large team, guess it suits her.
My favorite color is red.\nRed is a nice vibrant colour it is close to orange what do you like so much about it?\nI like how its bold and solid.\nI like more of the color blue it goes well with my eyes lol plus it is close to violet and green on the spectrum which I like as well.\nI see, I like red cause it is the color of blood.\nI'll have to pass for that reason the sight of blood makes me quench I like red because of apples and strawberries though lol.\nI like apples also but the green ones\nI like the green apples as well have you tried the fuji apples they are very round about 75mm in diameter and very juicy and sweet.\nI love funji apples in the summer time.
I love Snoop Dogg, he's my favorite rapper. His real name is actually Calvin Cordozar Broadus, much easier to say Snoop Dogg though.\nI can't say I listen to his music at all, but I still respect him as an artist.
I love the color Red! It is so bright and vibrant!
I have brown hair. It's really very common.\nhow did you get brown hair?\nI have higher levels of a pigment called eumelanin \ndid you inherit this property?
I like to taste Wine ,which is the tasting is the sensory examination\nThat is cool.I like to drink every once and a while but I prefer only a couple shots of whiskey. I don't drink beer
my favorite color is red, it is right between orange and the opposite of violet on the spectrum\nI like the colour red too! My favourite colour is green :) \nNow that I think about it my favorite might be purple, right in between red and blue, dark purple seems elite to me\nYeah, I can see what you mean, I also like the colour pink though! Ihave heard that the colour pink is not really a true colour, is that true? 
Do you like red, it's my favorite color!\nI do like it red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum, it is opposite of violet\nIt's just before infrared right?\nyes it has a 625-740 wavelength\nIt's interesting that we can assign numerical values to colors.\nthe planet Mars looks red because of iron oxide\nWow, that's awesome!\nthe blood in your veins is colored red because of your protein hemoglobin\nI hear it's also the color of passion
Do you enjoy Jazz which is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans. It developed from blues and ragtime. \nI love Jazz music. Its my favorite kind of music who is your favorite Jazz musician?\nI'm not that familiar with Jazz but I know it is viewed by many people as 'America's Classic Music' and has a large following. Who is your favorite artist?\nMy favorite jazz artist would have to be the early pioneer to the art form, Scott Joplin.\nHe was famous for his compositions in ragtime and was called the "King of Ragtime" which indicates his success!\nYeah! If your not a fan of classical jazz music, what is your favorite genre of music?\nI would love to learn more about Jazz which is such a major form of musical expression. I enjoy all types of music actually. I am quite eclectic is music taste.\nThat's really great! Do you happen to be a fan of the rapper, Drake? If so, have you listened to his newest album Scorpion?
I wish i would learn to bake
Jazz is considered by many to be Americas classical music.\nIt can be soothing for sure..do you like jazz\nI do because it has swing and blue notes and smooth vocals.\nIt is great music to just sit and relax too\nIt is and has roots in West African cultural and musical expression.\nYes, I did know that the history went way back and deep rooted
Red is my favorite color. You see it everywhere! I love laser pointers because they're almost always red.\nRed pigment made from ochre was one of the first colors used in prehistoric art\nThat's...true. Don't think they had many laser pointers back then though. I'm excited that we may be going to Mars, the red planet, soon!\n The Ancient Egytians and Mayans colored their faces red in ceremonies it has always been a popular color
A physician is a simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine\nYou must have to be smart to be a doctor. How long do you have to go to school to become one?\nI'm not sure but their field is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease,\nCan you specialize in a certain field of medicine?\nYes, Physicians may focus their practice on certain disease categories\nDo they make a lot of money?
I love to bake cakes. My wife married me because she loves my cakes so much.\nYes, we all love cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat. I can't do without sugar and banana muffins \nShe jokes around that I'm The Cake Boss after the tv show.What's your favorite flavor of cake?\nAh, cake boss, that guy make us all wanna be like him :)  but all over the world, I realize that the most commonly baked item is bread\nWhat type of bread is the most commonly baked?
I used to suffer from obesity, which is a medical condition in which excess body fat accumulates in the body. \nGood for you for fighting back, I hope you feel great now!\nI do, my main motivation was to reduce my risk of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes.\nThat is awesome, how much weight did you lose?
I love Wine tasting \nWhich type of wine do you use?
Do you like Jazz music?\nI don't really know. I think I lack the musical expression to truly appreciate Jazz.\nIt isn't really my favorite type of music but I can listen to it for awhile.  what is your favorite type of music\nI don't know for sure, but I tend to like music that emphasizes the vocal pieces. \nI honestly don't listen to much music.  I do like music from the 50's and 60's though.\nDo you like the Beach Boys? They're from 1961.\nLove the Beach Boys and the Beatles\nMike Love of the Beach Boys once said of their musical style: "Don't f%#$ with the formula." They must have known they had something good.\nDo you enjoy oldies music?
Obesity is such a big issue, especially with the whole body positivity movement. It is a medical condition that involves having a large excess of body fat.\nOh yes, I can see it every day. Part of it is out of laziness, and part is due to the sedentary lifestyle most of us have, I think\nSome people seem to think it is hard to lose weight but it really isn't. People are considered obese when their BMI is over a certain limit.\nBMI is such a terrible tool. It doesn't take into account muscle or other factors. :(\nIt is pretty accurate a lot of the time but that is true. It is done by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height.\nThere are more accurate measures, but sometimes it's hard to figure them all out and what to trust. Anything else interesting?\nWell the idea that obese people can eat little and still gain weight due to metabolism is generally not supported, thankfully.\nThat's mostly true, but there is a little bit of truth in that given how different the speeds are on people's metabolisms and how weight is distributed. Do you know any other ways to measure body fat?
Ferraris are extremely expensive italian sports cars.  Have you ever owned one?\nI wish, it's my dream car. Do you know who founded the company?
Hi, I work as a clown at a local circus.\nThat sounds like a fun job! Do you perform slapstick type physical comedy or mime style?\nYea it is! I mostly do slapstick type because the kids like it more.\nI can see that! Clowns are very good at entertaining large audiences, even at a distance! \nI agree, I usually gather about 300 people for my shows. When they leave, they cry because they wasted their money!\nOh, I doubt that!!  Do you wear the typical "red clown" type of costume with a colorful wig and clothing, exaggerated footwear and distinctive makeup?\nMostly a red clown, with a red nose and colorful hair. Sometimes, kids get scared of me!\nIt's no wonder after the crazy clown sightings of 2016! By mid-October, evil clown sightings and attacks were reported in nearly every single US state!\nI swear I was not one of them! I only aim to make people happy, not to attack them (unless they call me a loser)!
I love to bake! Especially when it's for my family or close friends. Do you like to bake?\nI love to bake also.\nWhat are some of your favorite things to bake?
I am originally from Venezuela and everyone there has dark hair, ive been blessed with brown hair! what color is your hair?\nMy hair is gray.  It use to be brown, but I am older now.\nOh thats cool! so its a good thing that you still have hair, that is one of my worst fears to lose my hair\nI was blessed with very think hair.  Is your hair thick?\nYes it is very thick thanks be to god! im scared because in Venezuela 60% of the people is bold by the age of 30, it must be the way they eat!
My husband is an author and we have identical twins together!\nwow thats awesome.  how old are your twins?
I have brown hair.\nIt has a categorized as higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nI wonder why brown or darker color hairs are more common than blond or red hair.
Hello, I am interested in hair coloring, or hair dyeing, It is cool to change hair color\nI think it is too. I changed my hair color in the past from black to dark blonde, it was interesting.\ndid you bleach it to make it blonde?\nNot really, I do not like bleaching, I just used a regular hair dye and surprisingly it worked, just turned out a different shade than expected.\nYes it can damage hair, it is so interesting 75% of women in some cities like Copenhagen use hair dye\nThis sounds like a lot. It doesn't surprise me though, women like change, it's boring to always look the same.\nYes it is, and there is huge money spent on it, like $1.9 billion in 2011\nWow, well sometimes it's worth it to spend money on looks. Even though dyeing hair can damage hair permanently. It's hard to get back to natural color.
Red is such a passionate, vibrant color\nIt really is!  My kitchen is actually red - it's at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange and opposite violet.\nIt has the longest wavelength from what I can remember!\nIt does - you are smart!  The wavelength is 625-740 nanometres!\nThat's long, I guess! I know that violet has short wavelengths.
So I am a big pasta fan.  I grew up on it and I don't even come from an Italian family.  Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta! It is amazing! It was created in Sicily back in 1154. \nI knew it went back a long ways, but I was unaware it was that long ago.  I like the fact that there are so many pasta dishes to choose from\nYes. There are a large number of variants of traditional dishes too. Like lasagna, for example. \nLasagna is good.  I really enjoy seafood lasagna.  Also I appreciate Cannelloni \nI've never had lasagna with shrimp. Sounds good though. But, Italian cuisine has developed through the centuries.\nYes it has.  It has come a long way from just plain noodles and olive oil
So true story. I once swam with Manta Ray and it was awesome.\nIve never seen one up close. I know theyre mostly found in warm, subtropic waters.\nI didn't know much about them when it happened.  What countries are they found in?
Sobriety is an issue that is difficult for many individuals.\nWold you like to know the definition of sobriety?\nYes, please tell me the definition.
I love red. It reminds me roses and weddings. What about you?\nRed is a great color. It is one of the primary colors on the RGB color model.\nI see, do you know its wavelength? \nI do actually. Red has a dominant wavelength of 625-740 nonometres.\nThat is relatively large wavelength. Do you know of any traditional or historical uses of red?\nWell red pigmant was one of the first colors used in prehistoric arts. \nI wasn't aware of that. I guess they used it since its easy to make.
I am so happy I haven't ahd to put my children in childcare or daycare and have someone else caring and supervising them.\nYes, I would always be nervous about what happens during the time away from my children.\nI know that is how I felt, you never know what happens when nannies, babysitters, teachers or other providers are taking care of your children\nActual references from close friends would be the only way I would go with a babysitter\nI would definitely be more inclined to go that route when choosing the perfect care giver for my kids. I would feel even better using an extended family member of my child\nAbsolutely.  It would be perfect to have a family member involved.  The extra pure love is key!
I love baking normally in an oven or hot ashes!\nYes, I prefer baking over microwaving, etc.\nYes! Bread is always really good baked, what do you like to bake?\nI like baking pizza rolls because I'm bad at baking real goods like cake and bread.
I think jazz music is awesome!  Many see jazz as being America's classical music!\nI love Jazz! Who's your favorite artist?\nI love them all!  I can't pick just one!  The Jazz age was in the 1920s and is now recognized as a major form of musical expression!\nAh, do you know where jazz was invented?
Ive always liked the lucky number 7.\nme too, hindu people used to write 7 with one stroke and it looked like and uppercase J\nhuh strange how different cultures can differ, didnt know it was written like that anywhere.
Hello. I have chronic fatigue syndrome, which means I'm always low on energy.\nSorry to hear that. Its also known as also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). How sever is yours and do you suffer from long-term fatigue?\nThankfully mine is not too severe, but I do suffer from long-term fatigue. Unfortunately there is no cure.\nIs yours biological or genetic? I guess not a lot is understood about it.\nMine is genetic.\nDiagnosis is commonly based on a person symptoms. What was yours?\nFatigue, memory problems, muscle and joint pain.
My favorite number is 7\n7 was developed from an uppercase V lookalike.\nThat's interesting. I like it because I also like the band avenged sevenfold\nAvenged Sevenfold's current lineup includes Brooks Wackerman.\nHe also played with Tenacious D a couple of times
do you prefer dry or fresh pasta?\nI have always preferred fresh pasta it's much better how about yourself?\ni too like fresh pasta, just can't make it\nHave you tried to learn to or just does not turn out properly?
I know that overeating leads to weight gain (obesity if I'm not careful) but this summer I have just felt soooo hungry. I thought people lose weight in the summer?\nMaybe it's all the watermelon making people gain weight in the summer\nI bet you're right! Maybe no eating disorfer lol, just water weight for giant watermelons.\nAh well, eating disorders are serious things. Unfortunate things.\nI wouldn't go as far as saying I need to do a 12 step program for food addicts but I for sure need to padlock the cookie jar. I was slightly underweight but that's not a concern anymore. I've gain 15 this past year. \nWow, I didn't know food addiction was a thing
I would like to go to the San Diego comic con one day.  have you ever been?\nI have once, for a short time only, its nice its a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nI have seen on the internet that people dress up as their favorite characters.  Would i be out of place if i dressed up like Mr. Pickles, the dog from the cartoon network?
Hey there!! How are ya?\nHey there! i'm very good! What do you know about the manta ray?\nNot much really but it was the only thing to choose from.
Have you ever colored your hair.?  Dyeing it black, red, brown for example.\nno but I am curious\nIf you are curious perhaps you should start with a natural dye.  It's plant based so less harsh.\nWhat causes this?\nThe natural color from things like berries, bark give off a color to the hair when applied.\nIs there a remedy?
Have you ever been to Carolines on Broadway? It is a stand-up comedy located in Times Square\nI have not, I also haven't heard of it.  Though I have heard of the laugh factory and the comedy store.\nA lot of people have performed at Carolines like Louis C.K., Jerry Seinfield, Jay Leno and Chris Rock. The Laugh factory sounds entertataing\nI've certainly heard of all those comedians.  Is the Caroline's a very famous comedy joint in New York?  Now that I think about it I've heard of the Cellar also.
Hey, I really love Jazz music, that originates from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nYeah jazz music is ok.  Who is your favorite artist? 
Have you ever dyed your hair an unnatural color such as purple?\nI have never dyed my hair an unnatural color before. When I was younger I did dye it blonde from time to time.\nOh really? What is your natural hair color, if you don't mind me asking?\nI have red hair so it was easy to die it blond. I think the hue works well with the color red.\nOh yeah, I can see that! So was it more of a strawberry blonde?\nIt was straight up blonde. I used a really powerful dye and it created a strong blonde. What color is your hair? \nDid you go to a salon or box color? I am a brunette but have actually been considering going lighter.
Hi, I love Jazz, which is a music genre that originated in the African-American \nThat is amazing, since when have this type of music been in existence \nFor a long time actually, but it was in the 1920s through the Jazz Age, that jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.\nI love it sometimes too but i am not familiar to any artiste that sings it. Do you know of any\nYes Ravi Bissambhar  is a Trinidadian chutney musician who makes jazz music!\nWhich of his song is the most popular. Maybe i could have heard of it before
I have brown hair and i love other people with brown hair\nI have brown hair as well! it's the second most common hair color, after black hair \nwhere is it most common?\nGood question, its actually most common in the Western world, especially with europe, USA and even some populations in the middle east \noh thats good to know.  do people prefer long or short brown hair?\nI guess that's just personal preference but i know the strands are thicker than fair hair but as much as red hair!\nI guess thats true.  Do a lot of people have red hair in these parts of the world where brown is ?
I do not have much energy\nAre you having trouble carrying out normal daily routines?  Could be chronic fatigue syndrome.\nI am thinking so, maybe i need to see a doctor on this\nIt isn't something that can be cured, but chronic fatigue syndrome can be managed.\nHow can i manage it
Do you have a favorite superhero? I LOVE superman\nMy favorite superhero definitely has to be Batman.  In the DC universe anyway.\nYes, Batman is awesome too. Not as awesome as superman though :) Did you Batman vs Superman movie?\nI did see it!  Ben Affleck was not my favorite choice for Batman but Jesse Eisenberg played a great Lex Luther.\nI agree about Ben Affleck. I actually don't like him at all
Obesity is a very prominent issue that even i struggle with.\nThat's true. I know when someone is obese they have so much extra weight it can be really dangerous for their health.\nAgreed. It is also a hard thing to overcome because the addiction of an obese person is literally right around the corner no matter where you go.\nYes, and obesity makes it more likely to get other diseases and issues. I know many get Diabetes, sleep apnea, depression and others.\nWhat is sleep apnea?
Pasta is so tasty. What do you think?\nyeah..\nYeah is also a song by Usher.\nmm...what kind of sause you like in pasta?
Physical fitness is one of the most important aspects of my life what about you?\nI also value physical fitness.\ni often do physical activities on a regular basis to keep me fit, do you often do physical activities?\nYes and I also do proper nutrition.\nThat is really good for your health i do it as well trying to keep myself healthy\nI also make sure I get sufficient rest.\nRest is really important too, without it you would not be able to do your physical activities right\nYes, I use to be be in Physical education.\nReally?  i personally have never been in anything like a class or stuff like that i like to do my workouts alone
Hey, I love the Jazz music that originated from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nI do and i am also from new orleans so that is cool! What are popular instruments in jazz music?\nIt can be played in guitar, and drums. It's characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals. Its very fun. \nI see. Are there different types or categories of jazz?\nJazz spread all over the world, which created many different national and regional variations in the style. There's really too many to count!\nOhh okay. What are some countries that jazz is popular in?\nIt has been linked to Africa, America, Europe independently, which a different style coming from each area. \nNice. Did jazz influence another category of music?
Hello! I've been really getting into playing Jazz recently. It really helps me relax.\nI love jazz music.\nThat's awesome! I'm a trumpet player. It makes sense that it's so relaxing, its considered by a lot of people to be America's classical music.\noh yea thats cool.\nPlus its very cultural. It has roots in West African Culture, as well as European military culture as well.\noh wow thats pretty sweet.
I've always loved Ferrari's - the first one was built in 1940 - I bet that one goes for a pretty penny if it could be found?\nIt's an Italian car maker isn't it?
Jazz doesn't make any sense to me.  Is there any order to it at all?\nI love Jazz music but didn't get it at first.  Its so nice to listen to with its combo of swing and blue notes. Its very versatile.\nI don't even know what blues music is, what is that?\nIts a genre of music that was started by African Americans in the Deep South. You should really check it out but its not for everyone.  Jazz is a bit more easy listening.\nJazz just sounds like a lot of noise to me which makes me think it is some sort of modern statement or something.  Is it a newer style of music?
Pasta is a staple of traditional italian cuisine, it dates back to 1154. Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta and I love Italian food. That's a long time ago! They needed their dinner back then to though.\nYeah in italy, the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary with the locale.\nReally? I didn't know that. Which town is your favorite in Italy?
I need to lose some weight.  Obesity is a condition where excess body fat is stored in the body\nIt can be pretty hard to lose weight, but I know there are some good diets you can try.  Have you tried any diets?\nI have tried some low carb diets that restrict carbohydrate consumption\nDo the low carb diets have a name?  Is Atkins a low carb diet?\nYes, the Atkins diet is classified as a low carb diet, developed by Robert Atkins\nHas that worked for you at all?
Hair coloring is the practice of changing your hair color\nDo you work in a salon for a living?
Hi! I love baking. Do you bake? Do you know much about the history of baking? \nI used to do quite a bit of baking, but I ended up eating too many of my goods!\nI got more into baking after watching the Great British Bake Off. I loved seeing the different challenges and guessing who would be eliminated. \nI never got into competitive cooking shows. There is too much put on the judges. I want to taste them myself.\nThe Great British Bake Off is very different from american cooking shows. It's all really friendly, there isn't any drama. \nI will have to check that out. Is it on a streaming service like Netflix?\nIt is! The stars of the show are the hosts- Mary and Sue! You're going to love them. \nWell, I know how I'm spending my next weekend.
I'm thinking of making a key lime pie today. I love baking! \nMe too. A baker bakes and often sells breads using an oven or other heated device.\nI'm just a humble home baker. I make things just for my family and friends to enjoy. \nGrains have been popular for a thousand or more years, so baking is a very old practice.\nI never stopped to think about it! I guess they would have baked over open fire. \nBy the sixth century AD, the Greeks would use ovens heated by wood fires and communities baked in a big ol' communal oven.\nImagine that! Sounds kind of cool, but also probably a pain to have to wait your turn!
Hello! I am considered obese, I currently eat a lot and weight 340 pounds.\nOh i'm sorry. I've been watching the biggest loser
hii do you hear abour jazz?\nYes, I love jazz. It originated in African-American communities in New Orleans. \noh i didn't know detaily. please tell something about jazz\nThere's a lot to learn about it! Its roots are in blues and ragtime music, and it was originated in the late 19th to early 20th centuries. \nits interesting. ragtime music mean?\nRagtime music is basically music with syncopated rhythm, or "ragged", like the name says. \noh nice.its a useful message to me
I like Jazz music. It's been great since the 1920s. how about you?\njazz is very soothing, i like it as well\nYes! Specifically I love swing and blues notes. Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett are great.\nfrank sinatra is my fav\nYes! He is one of the best selling jazz artists of all time. Over 150 million records!\nthats some crazy numbers!\nYes! Jazz is truly America's classical music. Have any other favorite jazz singers.\ncan you tell me more about jazz?
I love red. It's my favorite color!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nMy favorite red is Ketchup red.
I've never dyed my hair before, but I've considered it! \nYeah hair dyeing is pretty popular. I like having blonde hair so I haven't changed it.\nI once had a friend telly me i should dye it a gray ombre, but I am honestly too lazy to care that much. I also like my natural hair color (dark brown)\nNice..Yeah I prefer natural hair colors. I usually associate gray and white with age.\nIt's kind of a trend right now, I guess. I've met a few young guys that dye their heir gray. It's more of a silver, really.
You like jazz? It's a great genre of music.\nyea its great\nAgreed! Jazz came from African-American communities.\noh yea its very big amongst them with the blue and stuff\nYep! It  came from blues and ragtime.\nOh yea like the 30-40s?
It is a shame how many people are obese nowadays.\nI really feel for those obessed,is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nDo you know the percentage of people that are obese in America right now?
I love baking, I am thinking about taking baking lessons from a baker.
I don't understand why people with gray hair try to cover it up with coloring\nI agree, there is nothing wrong with gray or speckled hair. Perhaps it is because many celebrities do it as well.\nEven more odd is the granny hair trend where young women are coloring their hair different shades of gray.\nPerhaps if more young women did that then the older women would stop dying their hair! Funny how fads come and go so quickly.
I've never really thought much about childcare or daycare for children under six and up to 13 weeks. I am still young. Yourself?\nI don't know much about childcare. Is it rated somehow so you know you are getting a good one?\nI think it is because the action of skill of looking after children as a provider is very important. Do you think so?\nIt is important and I would be concerned about sending my 13 week old child to the daycare. \nYes that is very true. I have read that Day Care can actually refer to daytime care for disabled or elderly people in the UK. I think this is positive.\nThat would be positive. Are there any requirements if it is for older people.\nNo just no ageism or the stereotyping and discrimination of individuals based on age.\nIs there anyone who regulates it? 
I've had issues with my weight in the past. I'm doing really well and have lost almost 50 pounds so far.\nObesity increases the likelyhood of other conditions. I'm glad you lost the extra weight. \nIt definitely does. So many health complications can be prevented by healthy eating. Although I do have a sweet tooth. But you can still eat it, it's all about portion control.
I think jazz music is awesome!  Many see jazz as being America's classical music!\nI love Jazz! Who's your favorite artist?\nI love them all!  I can't pick just one!  The Jazz age was in the 1920s and is now recognized as a major form of musical expression!\nAh, do you know where jazz was invented?\nIt originated in New Orleans, specifically in the African-American communities \nOh cool! Anything else cool about Jazz you can tell me?\nWhat sets Jazz apart from other types of music is the swing and blue notes, call and response vocals, polyrhythms and improvisation\nDo you know any famous jazz players?
My dog loves dog biscuits I think he is obsessed with them\nSame my dogs just loves them. but they tend to be hard and dry\nOh no there are some that are soft and chewy, made my milk bone\nYeah i have heard some may be sold in a flat bone-shape as well\nI have seen those as well. They even have some softy ones made from duck\nI read in a magazine thatSome manufacturers claim the dry and hard biscuit texture helps clean the dog's teeth\nYeah there are some made specifically for that
Do you have a bad habit of overeating? I do on occasion.\nYeah sometimes I have a habit of overeating which I assume it should be an eating disorder. What's your idea?\nI tend to eat a lot whenever I am stressed out, or when I am at a buffet or a place that serves a lot of food. I try to eat slowly to help with that.\nBinge eating disorder (BED) is a severe, life-threatening, and treatable eating disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of eating large quantities of food (often very quickly and to the point of discomfort).\nMaybe I have that. There are times I probably eat 8000 calories at once!
Seven is my all time favorite number, it comes in between 6 and 8.\nI hear it's a pretty lucky number too! Is that true?\nI am not sure. I find it interesting that the Hindus used to write the number and it looked like an uppercase J.\nWhat other interesting facts about seven do you have? I'm quite curious.
I'm looking for a new recipe and want to experiment with gouda cheese.  Do you have any ideas?\nIt's such a mild Dutch cheese, that it goes well with lots of things. You can even just melt it on toast!\nSo it's mild.  That's great to know. What else can you tell me about gouda?\nIt's very old, going all the way back to the Middle Ages. The first recorded mention of it is from 1184.\n1184?  That's amazing.  I had no idea about the history of gouda.  I've wanted to cook with it for a while now, but it's expensive.\nIndeed, the price of Gouda has been disputed a long time. In the Middle Ages, buyers negotiated price with a system called "handjeklap," which involved clapping hands and shouting prices.\nThat is so interesting.  I wish I could negotiate the price at my local grocery store:)\nThat would make shopping more fun. We're a long way from the time when all the cheeses would be brought to the market square to sell.\nYou're right...we've come a long way since then, however, I do love to go to outdoor farmer's markets which gives me that old world feel.
I am really afraid of clowns even though our modern clowns have been around since the 19th century.\nI don't blame you!  Clowns are creepy!  Hence the movie "IT".  Why do people have such a fear of them though?\nMy fear is definitely from IT. Even though clowns are designed to entertain large audience\nWhere did clowns get there start?  Was it the circus?
I love rap music. I'm a fan of Snoop Dogg.\nYeah, he is a popular rapper, songwriter, Television personality, and actor. I like him too.\nI didn't know he was an actor. What kind of acting has Snoop Dogg done? \nHe was the voice in the movie Turbo.\nI actually didn't see that movie. Is that about a car or something? 
Do you like Gouda cheese, its a mild, yellow cheese\nWell I like most cheeses so I'd probably like it, yes. Do you know where it originated from?
ive been baking since i was little. My mom loves when i made cakes\nI love baking too. It is a good form of cooking where Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to the centre.\nnever thought of it like that. i haven't cooked bread though before. Any tips on how to make it come out right?\nWell bread is the most common baked item. Definitely there are lot of recipes that will talk about it\nwell ive done more sweets than anything but anyways, whats your favorite bread recipe ?
I love the color red, its so unique! (Unlike the other colors)\nWhat about red makes you love it over others? \nIt's just so strong, its so impulsive! It's all, "HEY! I'M RED, YOU SEE THIS?"\nAh I see, that's very true. Why do you feel red is such a strong color overall? \nIt's probably because blood is red, so when people see it, they're like "STUFFS GOING DOWN" and just the color in general. \nI agree with you on that. It also is the color of warning signs such as stop signs. 
Hey there! Let talk about numbers,, mine is 7,how about your?\nWhy should we talk about numbers. My favorite number is 4\nYeah ,cos numbers is applies to various aspects of our lives ,like team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number,etc  \nI see. Do you know anything about roman numerals 
I own a Ferrari, do you know anything about them?
I dont like alchohol. I have never drank it!\nThat means you may not have experienced Sobriety  before which is a form of  not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nI see, is it the same as a sobriety test done by law enforcement? 
I love dyeing my hair funky colors. 
Fun fact about me. I have worked in a bakery that sells bread as a part time employee while attending college\nReally what a coincidence. I have a friend who has worked in a deli bakery for several years now. Did you like it?
Red is my favorite color. I love wearing this color. Do you like the color red?
I have purple dyed hair and I love, love, love it!\nWow really? What made you do that?
I love jazz. I listen to it whilst working and studying.\nMany people see Jazz music as "Americas classical music."\nI can see why, so many popular Jazz musicians are from old US.
By today's standards I am not physically fit.  I like the definition of the industrial revolution: ability to carry out the day's activities without undue fatigue.  \nThat is crazy I guess I am not fit either but I just got a gym membership\nToday the definition includes proper nutrition and sufficient rest as well.  I eat right, but I don't sleep! \nOh I am the same way! I eat really healthy but I have sleeping problems! What other standards are there?\nWell, your gym membership is good, because there is a relation between fitness and attractiveness that caused gyms to spring up in the last 30 years.\nOh I guess I haven't thought of how recently popular they have become. Have you tried crossfit?
Obesity is a condition  where excess body fat is very high\nThat's true, I think obesity is a big problem in the US right now.
manta rays are very big, i was swam with them have you ?\nI did swim with them once, when I was about 7. Are there many kinds of manta rays?
I love to color my hair every month, its so much fun. Are you interested in coloring your hair too? What would you like to know? \nI've been thinking of coloring my hair but I can't decide between letting a professional do it, or do it myself. What do you think?\nWell since most hair coloring is done by a professional hairdresser id go with that but you can always do it at home. \nIt would probably be cheaper if I did!  Coloring one's hair is a popular thing to do, isn't it?\nhair coloring is super popular, I know that over 75% of women and 18% of men dye their hair according to a study by the University of Copenhagen.\nWow, that's amazing!  I guess noone is happy with their original color!  LOL  I wonder why so many people color their hair?
I love ferrari's I have riven quite  a few before. I like the red one espicially.\nI have never been in one, but they are nice. The Italians really do the most beautiful job with sports cars.\nThey sure do. I agree 100 percent. I would love to own soem day My friend has one and he lets me drive it, Nice friend.
I have CFS, is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptoms \nI'm sorry to hear that! Is there any treatment for CFS?\nNot really it can be troublesome .  fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest,\nThat doesn't sound like much fun! What causes CFS?\nIt is chronic fatigue syndrome. No medications or procedures have been approved \nIs it genetic, viral or does someone just develop the condition out of the blue?
My dog loves dog biscuits I think he is obsessed with them\nSame my dogs just loves them. but they tend to be hard and dry\nOh no there are some that are soft and chewy, made my milk bone\nYeah i have heard some may be sold in a flat bone-shape as well\nI have seen those as well. They even have some softy ones made from duck\nI read in a magazine thatSome manufacturers claim the dry and hard biscuit texture helps clean the dog's teeth\nYeah there are some made specifically for that\nHave you ever heard of "Dog's bread"? it is made out of bran.\nNo but it sounds interesting. Have you seen the dog biscuits shaped like post men?
I love coloring my hair! It's fun to play with all the different shades of dye. Have you ever colored your hair?\nYes, I have made it purple and red before.\nThose are fun colors! Did you have it done professionally or did you dye it at home?\nThe red I did at home. The purple I had to have done professionally to get it to stick.\nThat makes sense! Home coloring is a huge business! In 2011, sales reached $1.9 billion and they're thought to have reached $2.2 billion in 2016.\nI can see that from all of the commercials that are on TV. Do you notice that they always show basic colors like black or brown?
I have a PS4, and have had every playstation console prior to that one too. Do you or did you have one?\nI used to own a PS3 but our house was robbed a couple months ago so we lost everything, we just got a new tv so were working on a playstation again\nOh no! Im sorry to hear that! What about the playstation 2? Did you ever have that one?\nYes, i had a playstation 2 at one point! that was a long timeago! wow
I'm always surprised at how many people suffer from obesity in the US. It's so unhealthy to carry all that extra body fat!\nI unfortunately suffer from obesity, it's tough.\nA few cases of obesity are caused primarily by genes or some medications.\nWhat about diet or lack of exercise?\nAbsolutely. The most common cause of obesity is a combination of excessive food intake and a lack of exercise.\nWhat are some steps to battle obesity?
Do you enjoy baking items like bread or cookies?\nyes i actually have a lot of experience in baking especially cakes and brownies\nDo you have any special techniques to make sure the cakes and brownies heat thoroughly?\nInstead of putting the oven 350 like the recipe calls for, I lower the temperature to 300-325 and let it bake a little longer instead of blasting it with high heat\nThat's a good tip! I could see that applying for other batters and pizza dough to make sure the crust is crispy and still is soft in the center.\nAs long as you keep your eye on the oven at all times its easier to gradually adjust the baking temperature as needed \nBaking is such an important skill for cooking, especially since bread is a common and nutritious food for many cultures.\nWhat are your favorite baked goods and pastries?
My favorite color is red.  Do you have a favorite color? \nRed is a good color, but I think I prefer pink, which is similar. I never knew it was named after a flower of the same name!\nWhat is your favorite shade of pink? My favorite shade of red is crimson.\nI prefer baby pink, I like the lighter shade of it, it's just so appealing to me, the name pink has been around for a long time, since the late 17th century!\nWow that is so cool.  Have you ever read/watched Game of Thrones? In that show House Lannister has crimson red as their family color.\nI have heard so much about Game of Thrones, I have never watched it before! It looks like the series is ending next year after eight seasons!!\nYep it saddens me that it has come to an end.  I am rooting for Jamie Lannister though, hope he gets the throne and sits among crimson red banners\nI am very interested in watching this show now, I like that they have a crimson theme among the show \nWell I wouldn't really call it a theme, just a theme for one of the family houses in it.  There are many others. 
I have purple hair :D\nwow that is awesome what made you want to get purple hair\nHonestly, I lost a bet lol. Hair coloring is the practice of changing hair into various colors, and I got stuck with that one. Thanks friends\nhahah that is funny and really interesting can you tell me mroe about the color purple
I like jazz.\nThats great!  Jazz is a music genre that originated in the african-american communities\nWhen did it originate?
I love pasta! It's a staple of Italian cuisine\nPasta is the best! I think spaghetti is my favorite dish!\nSpaghetti is great, you can make it with rice flour for people who avoid gluten\nDo you know how to make your own pasta?\nYes! I use flour, egg, and water to form a dough, then flatten it to make strips of pasta\nInteresting! I might have to try that sometime. I usually buy store noodles.
I really want to get into jazz music but there's so much to learn.
I enjoy exercise, but I need to do more research about physical fitness.\nIt is a state of well-being, health and the ability to participate of sports, occupations and activities.\nIndeed. I used to run in college, but then I started having trouble with my knees. What else might I try?\nI was a tennis player but that is bad on the knees. Physical fitness is generally thought of as proper nutrition, exercise and an adequate rest period.\nSo it's a combination of those things and not just exercise?
Do you know that Gouda cheese is made from cow milk? \nMost all cheese if made from Cow milk I think. I'm a fan of Gouda, it is pretty good.\nI bet because it is one of the most popular cheeses worldwide.\nYeah, what is your favorite cheese?\nGouda cheese of course, the name is used by most people producing similar product, they leveraging on the popularity of the name\nOh does that mean that some gouda is not real gouda?
I'm looking to get my hair colored and dyed.  Do you have any recommendations on what's the best treatment out there these days?\nwell I do not dye my hair but I would imagine having a professional do it would be best, or just get a box of dye and do it at home\nWould you know of any special hair coloring treatments that professionals can do for me?  I have not dyed my hair before either but always wanted to try it out.  I would like to make sure it's done right.\nI know there is a hair dye called Henna it is dye prepared from a plant\nTell me more about Henna.  How is it applied to my hair?  What colors can I choose with Henna?
Obesity is a very prominent issue that even i struggle with.
I drive an Italian sports car\noh really? what make is it?\nThe company was founded by Enzo Ferrari, you might have heard of it\nOh wow, I love ferraris, really amazing make, when did he found the company?
i didn't know jazz was a genre that originated in new orleans\nWow me either. I guess that's why everyone says New Orleans has such a rich culture.\nthat probably contributes to why its the largest US port and metropolitian area in louisiana\nThat's really interesting. Although I don't think New Orleans has much competition with other ports in Louisiana.\nactually baton rouge might be as it is the parish on the mississippi river\nIs that still a port though? I was under the assumption ports were connected to international waters like an ocean. 
I've never really thought much about childcare or daycare for children under six and up to 13 weeks. I am still young. Yourself?\nI don't know much about childcare. Is it rated somehow so you know you are getting a good one?\nI think it is because the action of skill of looking after children as a provider is very important. Do you think so?\nIt is important and I would be concerned about sending my 13 week old child to the daycare. 
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it's so interesting and relaxing.\nI love Jazz. I'm also a fan of blues and ragtime.\nMe too! So how did jazz music come about?\nIt originated in New Orleans in the late 19th century.\nCool, what community of people created it? 
I really learned to love pasta in Italy\nI love pasta. What is your favorite?\nThat is a hard question.  There are over 310 types of pasta!\nWow that is a lot. I like spaghetti.\nIt is ok but a pain to eat the long noodles.  I like smaller easier to eat pieces.  Its interesting how all the different types of pasta have different cooking styles\nI do not mind long noodles. The sauce has to be good thou.\nYes.  And Italy has a lot of regional diversity in their food with all sorts of sauces\nI have never been to Italy, what else do you know about it?
I have a friend that is terrified of clowns. Its pretty funny.\nYeah clowns are hilarious comic performers often make good mimes, if they are good.\nI have never really minded them myself. Do you know when the whole clown concept was invented?
I have brown hair.\nIt has a categorized as higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nI wonder why brown or darker color hairs are more common than blond or red hair.\nblond" is first documented in English in 1481 and derives from Old French "blund, blont", meaning "a colour midway between golden \nSo records show that blond hair didn't exist before? Do you think it's possible for new hair colors to naturally start existing then?
What is your favorite number?\n7 is a cool number but i like 17 myself.\n7 is my favorite.  It's a powerful number. What do you like about 17?\nI like that it isnt common and its my birthday day of the month, its a cool number.\n17 still has 7 in it so I like it too.  Do you have another favorite?\nBesides the number 17? I like 8 too.\n8 is good, it's a round number.  I like 5 too.
Hello, my favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?\n Red in strawberries comes from something called anthocyanins. By the way my favorite color is green.\nI had no idea that's where strawberries came from, that's cool. The color green isn't acknowledged by some cultures, they consider it a shade of blue\nApparently some have used the word "grue" to describe this shade. It just reminds me of the guy from Despicable Me haha.\nLol that's actually a cute term for green, I love the despicable me movies. They made me want to become an evil genius but that takes a lot of effort\nThere is a video game from 2004 called "Evil Genius", maybe you could practice there. Your costume should be red or grue.\nLol I prefer more recent video games like the fallout series, the whole backdrop of the game is a world after the post apocalyptic nuclear fallout has seeped into everything
I have quite a lot of energy, but I know some people just aren't as lucky. Is their a medical condition for being constantly tired?\nI think it's called Chronic Fatigue Syndrom, or CFS.  I don't know a lot about it, but it makes people tired for long-term amounts of time.\nThat must be awful. I wonder what causes it. Depression perhaps?\nI don't think the cause is fully understood.  It could be genetic, could be biological, or it could be psychological.\nWell, I guess the medical profession had better get to the bottom of it. It must be destroying people's lives!
I love rock and roll music! It originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s, from African American musical styles such as gospel, jump blues, jazz, boogie woogie, and rhythm and blues, along with country music.\nwhos your favorite musician?
I weigh 300 pounds and I think it might be having a negative effect on my health.\nThat's not good to hear! Have you tried changing your diet and/or exercising more regularly?\nYes, changing diet and exercise are the main treatments, so of course those were my first choices.\nIs it difficult or easy for you? Eating the right foods is difficult for many because it requires self control and self discipline.
Are ou familiar with Ferrari? The sport car from Italy.\nI know a bit about it, why don't you tell me some more about it though?\nFerrari was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. Their first car was finished in 1940.\nInteresting, I didn't know it was so old. Can you tell me anything else?\nSure. In 2014, Brand Finance name Ferrari the most powerful brand in the world.\nI would have thought Apple or Google would have won, guess not.\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history when it sold in 2012. Craig McCaw from America bought it.\nCan you tell me more about Craig McCaw?
I love to eat hot peppers.\nThe chili pepper or also known as chili is a fruit of plants from the Capsicum family of the nightshade family.\nCapsicum I've heard of that.  How do they measure how hot a pepper is?\nThey can be used for many different cuisines to add spiceness for food dishes.\nThey absolutely do.  How do I cool my mouth after eating a hot pepper?
I love baking normally in an oven or hot ashes!\nYes, I prefer baking over microwaving, etc.\nYes! Bread is always really good baked, what do you like to bake?\nI like baking pizza rolls because I'm bad at baking real goods like cake and bread.\nNeat! I think baking cookies is great because the heat is gradually transferred to the centre of the cookie.\nI forgot you can bake cookies too. How long has baking been part of our culture?\nA long time I think! The method of cooking used to be done entirely with hot stones or hot ashes!\nI think baking makes foods taste great!
I love Jazz music me and my friends go to a local Jazz club twice a month.\nthat sounds like fun. i like jazz its one of Americas oringinal art forms\nThat is great who is your favorite Jazz singer?
i have observed that after black hair Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\nIm not actually sure about my own i think its black but might just be dark brown\nreally, mine is black, but People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette\nyea i think mine might be black but who knows.
Do you have a favorite superhero? I LOVE superman\nMy favorite superhero definitely has to be Batman.  In the DC universe anyway.\nYes, Batman is awesome too. Not as awesome as superman though :) Did you Batman vs Superman movie?
Hey there!  I'm pretty interested in Harley Davidson motorcycles.  Dude, they've been around since 1903!  That's way longer than most companies in the USA.\nI used to have a Yamaha, but i think that Harleys are too loud!  They do look good on the road, however.  How long have you been riding?
I like Snoop Dogg's music. Specifically drop it like its hot\nI love Snoop Dogg, His music career actually began back in 1992 when he was picked up by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut called "Deep Cover" and "The Chronic".\nI never knew that, how long has Dr. Dre been around?\nDr. Dre whos real name is Andre Romelle Young was born February 18, 1965, His stage name is Dr. Dre,.\nHow big is Snoop Dogg's rapping career?
ah chronic fatigue syndrome is referred to a myalgic encephalomyelitis, it is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptons that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily acitivites\nThat sounds horrible. i have never heard of it before. What is it caused by?\nwell its a biolgoical, generic, infections and psychological mechanisms have been proposed, but the cause is not understood\nWow, that is good to know. I think more people are affected by it than we know.\nyea the fatigue is not due to strenous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest, and is not due to previous medical condition\nThis could probably lead to a lot of depression and anxiety.
Ferrari is an awesome sports car manufacturer\nFerraris are great cars but I think I prefer Lamborghini overall.\nSame but both are great italian sports cars\nOh yeah there's no denying that they're both top tier car manufacturers.
I am really struggling with obesity  It is so hard to lose weight\nObesity is a serious problem that affect many people all over the world\nYes.  And it seems to be getting worse every year\nIn United States obesity is on the rise in the last few years.It has become a major health issue\nYes other countries are having this problem as well\nFor example France.There o;obesity is a health issue \nI thought the french ate more healthy food than the US\nSome Asian countries has lower level and sure United States is the biggest country  than suffers from obese people\nYes the poorer countries do not have enough money to eat like ameircans
I am a computer programmer. I do not have a degree in it, though.\nI'm studying to be a programmer and computer engineer myself.\nThat's awesome. I have two degrees in environmental engineering, but I love programming!\nOh cool! I want to get better at programming and software engineering since I'm not great yet.\nYou will get there! It takes years to master a subject and a craft.
I love the color Red! It is so bright and vibrant!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange, it is actually a very interesting color\nWhat 2 colors can you mix together to make red?\ni am not sure but,  The red colour of blood comes from protein hemoglobin\nWhat else can you tell me about the color red?
I've got light brown hair, and my wife has naturally slightly darker brown.  I wonder if people tend to pair with people with the same hair color.\nI'm not so sure about that. I have brown hair, but hubby has black hair. \nI guess it's a silly thought, but sometimes I have them :P  Fun fact, your husband has more hair follicles because of their black hair?\nReally? I didn't know that. I guess that explains why his hair is much thicker then mine. 
Childcare is actualy considered a skill and it covers a broad topic of prof., institutions, activities and conventions.\nI can see that being a skill. You have to know a lot of different topics.
My favorite food is pasta. It is a noodle made from unleavened dough.\nYes; I am a pasta eater too.  I shouldn't have the carbs, I guess; but pasta is great.  Spaghetti is among my favorite meals.\nI love spaghetti. It is a long, thin, cylindical form of pasta.\nYes; I am also a fan of fettuccine, too.  What about you?  Is there much difference between fettuccine and spaghetti?
Hi there! Do you know  the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light? \nNo i dont actually?\nIts red!next to orange and opposite violet\nInteresting.  Violet is officially my favourite colour.  What about you?
7 has always been my favorite number. It's very lucky for me.\n7 (seven; ) is the natural number between 6 and 8\nYes, I know. It is also an interesting number (7 deadly sins, etc) and can be known to be a lucky number\nvarious Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J but vertically inverted.\nThat is interesting!\nMore so ,The western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character \nThat is some great information. Is there anything else you know?\n As is the case with the European glyph, the Cham and Khmer glyph for 7 also evolved to look like their glyph for 1, though in a different way\nYou have educated me very well on the number 7. Thank you.
I like jazz music\nYES I LIKE IT. JAZZ IS A MUSIC GENRE THAT ORIGINATED IN AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.\nReally?
Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?  Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?  That's the name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United States\nI didn't know it was three different ones. No I haven't ever been  there.
I love fast cars which is why I bought a Ferrari.
Do you know anything about dairy farming?\nI know a lot actually, dairy farming class of agriculture for long-term production of milk.\nThat sounds interesting! I always wondered how butter was made and why humans drink another animals milk!\nYeah its kinda odd if you really think about it. and other species that commercially make milk are goats, sheep and camels.\nOh yeah I forgot about all those, I suppose they would be present on a dairy farm as well! Ive used lotion made from goat milk! and goat cheese is gross tasting\nYeah I don't like it either but in Italy Donkey milk is on the rise if you can believe that.\nDonkey. Milk. I wonder what in tarnation that tastes like!!
Ive been driving a ferrari for 28 years, Some call me the Ferrari expert, anything youd like to know about them? \nWhat's the price range on those bad boys?\nWell if you buy an Italian version it runs about 300K,  Ferraris are manufactured here where I live in Maranello.\nWhere exactly is Maranello?
My favorite number is seven, also the 7 number is a natural number following 6 and preceding 8\noh the number 7 is sweet.. thats my fav number as well\nThats great !  Another fact about 7 is that hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke that looked like a J\nthats very interesting\nYeah , another interesting fact is that the Easter Arabs developed the 7 from a 6 lookalike the number looked like a capital V\nwhen did they start doing that\nNot much information on when it became a thing.  But i did find that both modern arab were influenced changing the character to the american way.  So it must have been around for a long time\noh thats undestandible 
Red was the beautiful and passionate color\nIt certainly is, and red comes in many different shades as well. There's crimson, scarlet, vermillion, and burgundy. So there's variety!\nYes, in our daily life we met with various things which are in red color.\nThat's very true. And it's an interesting bit of color psychology that police officers will more likely pull over red cars than other cars.\nHuman psychology also mostly related with red color. It is also a symbol of danger.
I love red. It reminds me roses and weddings. What about you?\nRed is a great color. It is one of the primary colors on the RGB color model.\nI see, do you know its wavelength? \nI do actually. Red has a dominant wavelength of 625-740 nonometres.\nThat is relatively large wavelength. Do you know of any traditional or historical uses of red?
Do you like Wine tasting? It's sensory examination and evaluation of wine\nI have tried a couple of times, but i cant taste the difference :D i always order the cheapest one, how do they do it?
Everyday i buy my dog because because it is hard and dry\nYou buy your dog? What do you buy your dog?\nI buy my dog, dog biscuit. It is often sold in a flat bone-shape.\nDog biscuits are probably pretty good for them. Does your dog like them?\nYes he does and it is a dietary supplement for dogs or other canines, similar to human snack food.\nThat's good to hear. Do you ever feed him real meat?\nYes i do especially when the dog biscuit was criticized as particularly bad bread\nGlad you are keeping up with the latest health buzz. A healthy dog is a must.
I weigh 300 pounds and I think it might be having a negative effect on my health.\nThat's not good to hear! Have you tried changing your diet and/or exercising more regularly?\nYes, changing diet and exercise are the main treatments, so of course those were my first choices.\nIs it difficult or easy for you? Eating the right foods is difficult for many because it requires self control and self discipline.\nI'm wasting a lot of energy trying to move with my increased body mass. Nothing is easy for me.\nI've been told it's all about gradual steps. Walk a certain amount one day, then increase that amount as the days go on and it will get easier.
So I'm on a serious diet with exercise to combat my obesity. I currently weigh 300 lbs.\nTell me about your diet?\nI'm using the Paleolithic diet (which is also known as the caveman diet).  Very lean and clean.\nSo I'm guessing mostly fish and chicken, what are the benefits of this diet?\nIt uses foods presumed to have only been available during the stone-age. Meat and vegetable, berries, etc.\nI guess that makes it healthier, do you like the diet, did you try any others?\nI like this one. I have tried vegetarianism because I am Indian, but felt like my body really needed meat!\nLol I like meat too, but I wouldn't mind vegetarianism. You have any dieting tips?
Red is such a passionate, vibrant color\nIt really is!  My kitchen is actually red - it's at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange and opposite violet.\nIt has the longest wavelength from what I can remember!
I love rock and roll music, a genre of music that became popular in the late 1940s, what about you?\nI'm not really into it but I would like to know more
I have 2 dogs and a cat. I am forever buying dog biscuits. Do you have dogs?\nI do not have dogs but my friend does and she loves to give her dog dog biscuits.\nMy bigger dog usually goes into petsmart and chooses which ones he wants\nThat is so cute. My friend has a medium shaped dog and gives her dog biscuits that help clean the dogs teeth.\nI give mine that too. They help keep their breath under control too.\nOh yeah! I also think its so cute that the dog biscuits are flat-bone shaped.\nYou can make them homemade with only a few ingredients. Peanut butter, flour, and a couple other things. I have a dog bone shaped cookie cutter 
I enjoy a good comedy club especially  Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up's\nI have not heard of it, although I do enjoy comedy. Would you recommend going there?\nI definitely do, its located in Times Square in New York City on Broadway\nI see, what else do you know about it? Since it seems you've been there.
Have you heard of  chronic fatigue syndrome? Its a condition that has long-term fatigue. \nno please do tell\nWell we don't really know how it is cause, but there are alot of different potential causes like genetics and biology. \nthat's cool any more
Good evening, have you ever been to a circus and encountered a comic performer such as a clown?\nYes indeed! Gotta say -- I'm not a big fan. There's something a bit creepy about them. How about you?\nI completely agree.  The older that I get, the more afraid of them I become.  One group of clowns that I find frightening is the group Insane Clown Posse.  Have you heard of them? \nAren't they more of a music group? But, yes -- point taken! I know their fans, the Juggalos, dress up in clown-like makeup. I think more of clowns like Steven King's "It"!\nThat's true, they are a music group.  Juggalos are freaky along with the movie IT.  I can't believe that people were dressing up like evil clowns back in 2016 and hiding near schools.  Wouldn't that be freaky to encounter one at night?\nTotally agree. I'm not sure what would motivate people to do the evil clown dress up -- I guess the thrill of spooking people. Not funny! Did you see IT?\nI did see IT.  I think I remember seeing it on TV right when it came out in 1986. That movie still freaks me out to this day.  I haven't seen the new version yet.  Have you?\nNO! And I forgot about the original. Stephen King is a master at what he does. And I did notice that IT is now on HBO. So if you want to rewatch it.....ha!
Forza Motorsport! I love Ferraris, the italian sports car and Motorsports!!!\nNice! I don't know much about them, but I do know they're fast luxury cars.\nI play Forza motorsport on my Xbox\nI heard that was a really fun game. Tell me more about it?\nThere are 2 games.  The original Forza, and Forza Horizon which is an open world game made by playground sports.\nHow long ago were the games made?\nAs of 2010, they had sold over 10 million copies of Forza in just 5 years, so 2005.\nWow, I had no idea that those games were so popular. Perhaps I should play them.
I love music ,especially the Rock and roll  \nDo you have any favorite artists?\nMy favorite artist are Paul Revere & the Raiders.\nWhat songs do they sing?\nThey are  an American rock band that saw considerable U.S. they featured prominently in the 60's & 70'd\nDid they win any awards?
Brown hair varies from light brown to almost black.\nHow close does brown hair have to get to black hair before it's considered black hair? 
My favorite color is red.\nRed is at the end of the spectrum of light, its with orange and opposite of violet.\nI didn't know that. What else do you know about red?\nIt's actually a primary color for the RGB and CMYK color model.\nI learned about primary colors in school when I was little.
I have been sober for four months now and feel great.
Am in love with jazz
Red is one of my favorite colors, it's also the color at the end of the visible light spectrum.\ni love red! I feel like it's the color of passion and love\nI agree with that, it also has a lot of different hues, there's yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion all the way to bluish-crimson, how cool.\ni also love blue. it's so calm and peacful
I don't like hair coloring\nI really don't like coloring my hair either.\nIt changes the natural color of the hair\nYes, the practice of changing hair color is really strange though.\nit makes hair turns gray\nDoes it? I really don't think that cosmetic hair color makes it turn gray.\nReally?\nYeah, if anything it is meant to cover gray or white hair.\nOk
I believe in so many things but fully believe we should want a state of health and well being. I play many sports and believe in my physical fitness as a way of life!\nPhysical fitness is really important to me too.\nI take it easy in though to not be overwhelmed, I say to myelf... it's going to be a good day, fitness is defined as the quality of being fit... and then do my 4 am routine :)\nI prefer to work out at night, personally.\nI like to get all ready to start the day and want to have morning routine done by 6.  When did you realize you were starting to become fit? Mine was when I could carry daily activities without fatigue. I looked in the mirror and BAM the body match the emotions\nI took me like a month to see some results of lifting.
Hey Im Jim and I am a baker who works at a local bakery. I am pretty smart and know the way of the dough, What would you like to know? \nHi Jim, I am thinking of opening my own bakery since I enjoy baking. Do you think I should sell baked cookies or pizza?
Obesity is a medical conditions where excess fat has accumulated and may have a negative affect on health.\ni know all about it
Obesity is the number one problem now days. It's going to kill more people then cancer.\nOh it absolutely is, 40% of adult Americans are obese, it's having a negative effect on our society as a whole.\nIt seems like I'm seeing more and more very heavy people at younger and younger ages.\nYeah obesity in the united states is a serious health issue. 1 in 3 people in America are Pre-Diabetic or Diabetic.\nBeing Diabetic is no joke. No one wants to loose their feet.
I work for a railroad company as a train conductor.
I like baking, it is my favorite hobby.\nMe too! Bread is baked the most, and I like to make yeast bread.\nI haven't made my own bread, it seems like it is a lot of work to do.\nI used to think I would like to become a baker as my profession, because I really liked it. But, I never pursued it.\nOh that's too bad. Some people really have a knack for it. I'm terrible at creating cakes, I can bake them, but I'm not good at creative stuff.
It was only 2 years ago that I started hitting gym to pursue physical fitness in my lifestyle\nThat's incredible, its important to stay in shape, I work out and maintain a Ketogenic diet for the sake of my wellbeing.\nI only got Whey protein powder for beginning and planned a diet that consisted only of products rich in protein\nHonestly, whey protein is unnecessary unless you are a top level athelete, MCT oil and natural proteins are much more bioavailable for energy\nI didn't know that. Nevertheless, thanks to Whey, I gained 6.6 pounds of muscle mass
I enjoy exercise, but I need to do more research about physical fitness.\nIt is a state of well-being, health and the ability to participate of sports, occupations and activities.\nIndeed. I used to run in college, but then I started having trouble with my knees. What else might I try?\nI was a tennis player but that is bad on the knees. Physical fitness is generally thought of as proper nutrition, exercise and an adequate rest period.\nSo it's a combination of those things and not just exercise?\nYes! Before the industrial revolution, people thought of fitness as the ability to get through the day's activities and survive! lol\nI guess so. Life was harder back then, especially if you spent all day working in the fields.
my wife has brown hair, it's so pretty i really love it\nAwww, that's so sweet! Brown hair is the second most common hair color after black hair. Mine is black :(\nblack hair is pretty too! i love natural colors, don't really like pink and green hair\nHaha! Yeah, pink and green are a bit too crazy for me! If you don't mind me asking, is your wife European? I hear brown hair is pretty common there.\nyes she is, she used to use Henna to dye her hair red. i mean it wasn't really red it just looked brown with red tint\nThat's pretty cool, I didn't know you could use Henna to dye hair. I always thought Henna was for drawing designs on your hands.\nthat's what i thought but apparently a lot of people from her home country (kazakhstan) use henna to dye hair.\nThat's pretty cool! I've heard there's all sorts of shades of brown hair. Does she have light brown or darker brown hair?\nshe has ash brown hair.
I bake cakes when I am sad or stressed out.\nThe most common baked item is bread. Do you bake other things besides cakes?\nI like to bake cupcakes sometimes.\nBaking is traditionally performed by women in the home, but men in bakeries and restaurants. You could have a successful career in baking.\nIm not that good but I do try to do the fancy cakes you see on Pinterest.
I love pasta, it's a staple food of traditional italian cuisine\nI also love pasta. What different kinds are there?
Hi, I really enjoy baking. My favorite things to bake are cookies, brownies and cake. How about you?\nI am not a baker but wish I could make the most common baked item that I believe is bread.\nI've never baked bread,but would like to try. That would be a very useful skill. 
Everyday i buy my dog some dog biscuits, he loves them!\nHow do dogs eat those things?  they are so dry and hard!  What possible benefit could they get from them, other than taste, which apparently they do like.\nWell some of them have vitamins, and they nibble on them slowly, the taste is sometimes so great that i try one :D do you have a dog?\nYes, I have a dingo, which is a type of feral dog from Australia.  Have you heard of them?  \nYes they seem nice, i have a Pekingese, but he is black not so ugly as the brown ones, he haves white paws\nOh, i see.  great dog, but probably poos everywhere. don't they cross them with other breeds to make peekapoos or peke-a-tese?\nYes they do, but i dont like Pekingese, or peekapoos, i got it from a shelter so i was ok with him :D now my mother takes care of it :D\nprobably a good choice for your mother, since they are docile companion animals.  That's why they call them Lap-dogs.\nExactly im too young for that kind of a dog, but i sure like them dog biscuits :D
Hey do you go to the gym?\nYes I do. The act of fitness before the industrial revolution was looked at as the ability to complete a days activities without being fatigued.\nThat's great! What types of workout's do you do at the gym?
Hi!  Do you know anything about manta rays?
One of my favorite colors is one of the primary colors, Red\nRed is my favorite!\nRed is actually the color at the very end of the visible spectrum of light\nI have heard cars that are red get tickets more
Have you heard of Yamaha? They started as a piano manufacturer in 1887!\nI have heard of it. The make a lot of different things now right?
I love the Italian car maker called Ferrari. They make some of the most iconic supercars in the world! What car brands do you like?\nI like to watch races . I know the Ferrari is a race car and is in the Formula One races. But no one in particular.\nFerrari has multiple cars... They have F1 race cars, supercars, and hyper cars. They are a brand. What races do you watch from Ferrari?\nYeah, I know. I like their road cars . The racing cars are just for racing I thought. Like the Formula one races\nYup, though you referred "the Ferrari" is solely race cars for Formula One that is the highest class of single seating auto racing.\nI don't know a lot about them. But I like watching races on TV. I have seen their logo and I like it alot.\nYup! Ferrari was rated in 2014 as the most powerful brand by Brand Finance! Its a iconic logo and car for most people in the world. What is your favorite brand of car?\nI have Toyota's , lol.  Those are a little out of my league .
I used to have bright red hair but as the years have gone by it has become more brown.\nI had blonde hair that turns brown... I hate it so I dye it blonde. It is the 2nd most common hair color.\nI don't bother dying mine. I think I'm starting to get a few grey hairs anyway. The brown/red balance is the least of my worries.
i m afraid of clowns\nHa! Well I have NO idea why....I mean all that creepy makeup, painted on smile, leering voice.....so did you watch "IT", the most recent version of Stephen King's novel?!\nno it is too scary for me to watch
I love red. It reminds me roses and weddings. What about you?\nRed is a great color. It is one of the primary colors on the RGB color model.\nI see, do you know its wavelength? 
I like red color\nThey say one can get that color in mars because of  iron oxide \nI am not too sure of that but I would say I love red cars and roses\nmy first car was a toyota camry and the red made it stand out everywhere I go. red is good on metallic surfaces ;)\ni like red toyota camry sport versions \nAwesome, I wonder what it will be like if there was no red in the rainbow or there is no red sky at sunset :)\nThat is true. The rainbow will be incomplete without the red color. I also like red colors on cakes\nNot forgetting blood is red too. That's to tell you how important the color is \nThe red blood cells make the important unit of human life
My younger daughter hair once had blue hair! She loved it!\nI also enjoy the practice of changing my hair color. Currently my hair is red and gray and the rest of my body hair purple. \nYour hair stylist must have taken a lot of time to accomplish all those colors!\nMost people dye their hair to hide gray. I did it to hide my blonde hair. \nMy daughter did it just for the fun of it! lol I dye mine to color the grey for sure!\nI've herd something crazy like 75% of women and 18% of men use hair dye.\nIt's funny isn't it! We all want a different color than what the color that we were born with! lol
I love fast cars which is why I bought a Ferrari.\nYeah Ferrari is my favorite sports car manufacturer in Maranello\nI wonder how much the very first Ferrari cost to buy.\nI'm not sure, but I do know that Enzo Ferrari wasn't initially interested in producing road cars back when he formed Scuderia Ferraria in 1929\nI didn't know that, do you know when they made the first model?
snoop dogs real name is calvin  broadus and he was born in 1971. he as an american rapper, singer,songwriter, record producer, tv personality, and actor. are you familiar?\nAm I familiar with the smoke king himself? Yeah I'd say I'm familiar. How many records has he sold at this point in his career?
Hello. Have you ever been to any of the three waterfalls that make up Niagara Falls?\nNo, but I've always wanted to.  Well that is until I saw a documentary on suicides there.\nOh that would make it more difficult. There was a field trip at school once to Horseshoe Falls but I was unable to attend. \nSo, what are the three waterfalls named?\nThe three waterfalls are Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls, and the Bridal Veil Falls. \nAre these three separated by some distance?
A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads, do you know any bakers?\nYes i do. I am actually a baker. I love to bake cakes all the time\nSince you are a baker you must work at a bakery! What a coincidence!\nYes it is. Do you bake at all?
Red is my favorite color. You see it everywhere! I love laser pointers because they're almost always red.\nRed pigment made from ochre was one of the first colors used in prehistoric art
Hello, what do you know about Ferraris?\nI know they're italian sportscars. They exist as a symbol of opression and consumer oppulance. People with horrible values seem to desire them.\nHorrible values, it seems you are using stereotypes to determine that. I personally don't think i could fit inside of a ferrari, they are so little.\nThey were first made in the 40's. They go real fast I hear. Have you been very fast yourself, friend?\nI have only been fast on a roller coster, never really in a car. I'm afraid to go fast.
I love to listen to jazz music.  It's very soothing.
I love rap music. I just started listening to Snoop Dogg.\nNot really a fan of Snoop Dogg,  but I know little about him\nWhat's his real name?\nHis real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr. (born October 20, 1971\nlol What kind of name is that for a gangster? How did he come up in the rap game?
We had circus in the area last week.  I am not a fan of the clowns. Are you? \nClowns are very interesting and oftentimes come with different costumes and performances. I enjoy them.\nthe comedy style of clowns , playing the fool, has a long history in many countries. 
Red is such a versatile color, it's on one of end of the spectrum alongside orange.\nI LIKE THE COLOR RED\nSo do I, especially how it has a dominant wavelength of about 625-740 nanometers.\nTHAT IS SO TRUE MY SON THINKS I AM NUTS I BOTH ALOT OF STUFF THAT IS RE\nThat makes sense, its a primary color which is one reason that he is so popular.\nTHAT IS WHAT I SAY\nIt's an even more beautiful color when you see the red sunset, which is caused by the Rayleigh scattering.\nI LOVE TO WATCH THE SUN SET SO BEAUIFUL
I enjoy gospel music when I hear it, but I don't know a lot about it.\nI am a christian and I love gospel music because it is a genre of christian music. \nWho are some of your favorite gospel music artists?
I kind of want to get more into making pasta, so I want to learn about pasta in general to get a handle on it. What can you tell me about it?\nWell pasta is a staple of itallian cuisine with it's first reference in Siciliy in 1154\nHoly cow.. so it's been around for a while, huh? What are some more prominent pasta dishes?\nWell different pasta dishes use different kinds of pasta and cooking styles as well as sauces. \nSure, that makes sense. Can you tell me anything specific or unique about pasta in general or pasta dishes?\nWell pasta can be divided into two broad catagories, dried and fresh. \nI see. I suppose that's most of what I could learn for now. But what's maybe one cool pasta fact that you like to tell others?
Physical fitness is one of the most important aspects of my life what about you?\nI also value physical fitness.\ni often do physical activities on a regular basis to keep me fit, do you often do physical activities?\nYes and I also do proper nutrition.\nThat is really good for your health i do it as well trying to keep myself healthy
I used to have a real issue with overeating.
Yamaha makes some of the best motorcycles\nYou are right, can u tell me some of their products?\nYamaha started in 1887 as a piano and reed organ manufacturer\nYes, when did they make their first motorcycle?\nAfter world war 2 they started to make motorcycles after re-purposing the company \nOK, who is the owner of the company?\nYamaha was first established in 1887 by Torakusu Yamaha\nOK, so he named it after himself? His products are authentic
I have light brown hair, and have often fought against it. I would love either lighter or brown so brown it's almost black!\nDo you want to go for hair dye?\nHighlights, maybe. But as far as *changing* my color by dyeing it -- I haven't been tempted yet! But it's nice to know there are options!\nYes since you don't feel comfortable with the color of your hair, dyeing can be an option
I am so into the practice of changing my hair color! this time i have it purple, are you adventorous enogh to try purple hair>\nI wish I was! Maybe some purple sections! I love changing my hair color too though. What other colors have you tried?\nWell not to many because i do it with a professional hairdresser! so its very expensive, i had it red and orange before\nOh, yes. It can be very expensive to go to a professional. I tend to do my own! Red and orange are both fun! What else do you know about hair color? Is it damaging to your hair?\nA little bit but no worries everyone is doing it, in denmark is very popular 75% of women and 18% of men hae reported using hair dye!\nWow, really!! I never imagined it would be that many people! I guess we're in good company! I wonder what the most popular hair color dye is?
Being a African-American from New Orleans I'm a huge fan of Jazz. Do you enjoy jazz?\nI do not listen to Jazz frequently, but I would like to listen some more because I do think it's unique!
I think that chestnut brown is a beautiful color of hair, but most women tend to dye their hair when it's brown. Do you think natural brown hair is pretty?\nI think its beautiful, they dye it i think because its the second most common hair color\nWould you consider dying your hair a crazy color for a month if you knew you could get it back to its original color at the end of the month?\nThen yes :D , but i would do it at home, not at the hairdressers i would be ashamed :D\nWhat color would you choose and why? Would you hide the color from others when going out for that month, or would you embrace the change and see what happened\nWell i would probably not make it for a month and hide all the time, and after few days give a tip to my hairdresser to come and fix the change :D\nHahaha. I think I would love to have a neon color head of hair, but I think I would have to have an excuse for dying it. My friends and family would think I had gone crazy if I just did it for no reason, but I actually think it would be quite fun to do.
Do you like pasta? It's an Italian dish used in Sicily in 1154.\nUnfortunately not. I'm more of a hamburger kind of guy. \nYou should try dried or fresh pasta. They're known as pasta secca and pasta fresca.\nAh, I didn't know that. I do like pasta in white wine sauce. \nIf you have a gluten intolerance, you can make pasta with rice flour instead of wheat. That's what I do.\nAh, I don't. I think my main problem is that most pasta dishes use tomato sauce which I dislike  
Physical fitness is one of the most important aspects of my life what about you?\nI also value physical fitness.\ni often do physical activities on a regular basis to keep me fit, do you often do physical activities?\nYes and I also do proper nutrition.\nThat is really good for your health i do it as well trying to keep myself healthy\nI also make sure I get sufficient rest.\nRest is really important too, without it you would not be able to do your physical activities right
The number of 7 is a really interesting number.
I love rap music. I just started listening to Snoop Dogg.\nNot really a fan of Snoop Dogg,  but I know little about him\nWhat's his real name?\nHis real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr. (born October 20, 1971\nlol What kind of name is that for a gangster? How did he come up in the rap game?\nLol,  His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut, "Deep Cover\nThat's awesome. When did he sign to a major record label?
Hi there, do you like to eat bread? i am a professional baker\nYes I love to bake actually. I love the way you can transform dough into a bread with a firm dry crust and soft center, delicious!\nThat is awesome, my favorite to bake its mexican bread, is a mix of wheat and verymuch influeced by european food, what is your favorite baked good?\nI really like making breads, but I'd have to say cakes are my favorite baked good.\nYes, cakes are peoples favorites, in the bakery that i own, the best sellers are cupcakes, 45% of our sales revenue come from cupcakes
My mother always enjoyed jazz music. I might try to find a jazz concert to give it a try
I have black hair. Not surprising because I'm Asian...you?"\nUhmm ,I have black hair too...
I really like the number 7. Can you tell me anything about it?\nits a natural number preceding 8 and following 6\nI think it is a lucky number. Wonder why 7 is associated with luck.
Hi, I love Target can you tell me more about it?\nSure! I know that Target is the second-largest discount retailer in the U.S., behind Walmart!\nWow, does Target have groceries for sale like Walmart?\nMany of their stores do. They were originally called Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902, and carried all sorts of things - including food.\nWhy do you think Target is a better store than Walmart?\nI find that, even though they offer cheap products like Walmart, their stuff is a little more chic. Cheap-chic!\nWhat is it like to work at Target compared to other stores?
Being Italian I love pasta. Have you have real homemade pasta? \nI have had fresh pasta produced by hand when I lived in Italy, but have not in years\nMake it your self. Tonight I had homemade pasta with rabbit sausage. Tomorrow it's rabbit Lasagna.\nWow I have heard of making it by hand with flour and water and eggs but thought it was extremely hard\nNot really. If you don't mind thicker noodles you can make it easily on a counter top. Takes about 20 minutes, 
I have brown hair,What's your hair type?\nI have blue hair, and my hair type is 4A\nBrown hair is characterized by higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels.\nThat's cool I didn't knoow that. I do know that blue dyes have stronger ions, which makes it harder  to remove.
Do you have brown hair? I think it is a very common hair color.
I've never dyed my hair before, but I've considered it! 
Snoop Dogg better know as Cordozar Brodus,Jr was one of the best American rappers.\nHe is a gift to the world of Hip Hop\nHe started in the 90's and was discovered by Dr Dre\nYes, I don't see him sing much these days, is he retired?\nThat man sold a lot of records, It was like 23 million  in the united states alone\nThat's solid, I hope he has diversified just like Dr. Dre that's into Information Technology, I heard he is on the board of Apple\nHis songs has some intresting titles like  Death row\nI can't really remember any of his Albums but I know he really influenced rap music
I think Red is my favorite color. When I was a kid it was blue.\nThat's interesting. Red pigment use goes back quite a bit - it's one of the first colors found in prehistoric art.\nI wonder if they used blood back them for red?\nI believe they used ochre. However, anything that contains the protein hemoglobin appears red. The same is true for anything with anthocyanins.\nThat is really interesting, please tell me more\nWell, it is the hemoglobin in blood for instance that makes it appear red. Anthocyanins are found in berries and autumn leaves.\nThat is really cool we have so much history.
I have purple dyed hair and I love, love, love it!\nWow really? What made you do that?\nWell, I figured if I don't want gray hair I might as well be bold.\nHow do your friends and family like it?
I work as a clown as part of comic performers for my festival.\nreally? How fun! How long have you been doing that?
Ferraris are extremely expensive italian sports cars.  Have you ever owned one?\nI wish, it's my dream car. Do you know who founded the company?\nFounded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939.  They also manufacture Fiats, which are more in my price range.\nI used to think Fiat was French just like Peugot, I never knew it was Italian. Wow amazing
I've got banana bread in the oven right now -- do you bake?\nYes just cupcakes and cookies. That banana bread is sure good with those mashed bananas.\nTotally.  What's your favorite thing to bake?  Do you have any secrets?\nYes Regional street food like tacos.\nI didn't realize tacos could be baked.  I suppose the tortillas can.  Tell me more about baking, though.
Hello, have you colored your hair before? It is practice of changing the hair color\nYes, I have. I have done so for many years.\nI don't know what your reasons must have been. Anyways,   a primary reason is to cover gray or white hair, to change to a color regarded as more fashionable or desirable\nYes, that is why I do it now. I have some grays that I cover to blend with the rest of my hair. Do you color your hair?
My father-in-law is a fraternal twin. I find the relationship between twins fascinating.\nMe too.  Is there a strong resemblance?\nBecause they are fraternal twins, their resemblance is no more or less than sibling. However, they have a great bond.\nIs it similar to the bond of identical twins?\nI think their bond is probably similar. Their behavior and mannerisms are very alike. Studies have shown this to be true as well.\nDo they have the same favorite foods?
A medical condition where an individual has an amount of body fat that creates a medical condition and affects the health of the individual.\nWhat is the medical condition called?\nObesity is when someone's body mass index is over the ranged defined as overweight. You get the BMI by dividing weight by square of height.\nOh, I thought that is what you were talking about. Yes, obesity has become prevalent in the Western countries.\nDefinitely! It is commonly caused by lack of activity, excessive food intake and genetics.\nYeah, also eating a lot of fast food causes obesity. Us Americans love that stuff.
Red is one of my favorite colors and it is next to orange on the spectrum of light.\nI love red too.\nI think I prefer blue but red is one of my favorite colors, even light red.\nYea they are both great since they have so many shades and arent tacky.
I own a Ferrari, do you know anything about them?\nYes! Ferrari is a company based in Maranello, Italy\nI see, who founded Ferrari?\nIt was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939. It began from Alfa Romeo's race division\nI see, do you have any other facts about Ferrari?\nWell, it was rated by Brand Finance in 2014 as the world's most powerful brand\nI didn't know that, I guess they are popular
do you prefer dry or fresh pasta?\nI have always preferred fresh pasta it's much better how about yourself?\ni too like fresh pasta, just can't make it\nHave you tried to learn to or just does not turn out properly?\ni have tried to make it using flour and eggs, it always turns out dough\nI, too, have always had that issue when I make pasta, however dry is not bad any preferred brands?
Do you like Snoop Dogg I think he is overrated \nI do like Snoop Dogg. You have to remember that he has been relevant to rap since 1992 when he was discovered by Dr Dre.\nYeah he is dad old now in his life\nSnoop Dogg also has sold over 23 million albums since then. And that is just in the United States alone.\nO wow I had no idea he was so popular,.\nI remember I was about 12 when Snoop Dogg's album came out in 1993. That album went platinum 4 times by 1994.\nWhat do you think his best song is?\nI will still say his old school hits like Gin & Juice and What's My Name. They still get played today.\nI did no know anyone still played his music on the radio.
Are you into any super heroes? My favorite is Superman! \nAmong superhero action figures my favorite is Batman. I admire him for his personality and righteousness\nI just have a thing for Superman's outfit. I know that sounds weird but he's totally hot.\nSpeaking of hotness, i am much attracted to that fictional superhero Wonder Woman. That is what I call beauty\nShe is beautiful. I am in full agreement. Her and Superman would make a great looking couple!\nIndeed. Superman with its success, has pretty much established its primacy into comic books and mostly is central\nWhat else do you like about Superman? I feel like he is the epitome of the perfect superhero. That's why I am so fanatical about him.\nJerry Siegel who created Superman was very adventurous in giving this character such powers. None others can match to him\nThat's true. I feel like he would beat pretty much every other super hero out there.
I love Ferraris, they are an Italian sports car that's manufactured in Maranello \nFerraris are great cars. I've always wanted a bright red one, but would take any color, really!\nI just recently found out they were founded in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division and they built their first car in 1940! Didn't know they were that old\nMe either. Figures they're from the same stable as Alfa Romeo - another awesome Italian car. Italians really know how to do things in style!
Red is one of my favorite colors, it's also the color at the end of the visible light spectrum.\ni love red! I feel like it's the color of passion and love\nI agree with that, it also has a lot of different hues, there's yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion all the way to bluish-crimson, how cool.\ni also love blue. it's so calm and peacful\nIt's crazy how colors can influence perceptions that aren't obvious, like the taste of food.\nit\nYeah, it's called color psychology, it refers to the study of how hues are a determinant of human behavior.\nsorry last time i pressed enter by accident. It is pretty cool. i've never heard of color psychology
Pasta dishes are some of the best Italian food.\nWhat kind of pasta dishes do you think are the best?\nWhen it comes to pasta and noodles i love fresh angel hair.\nOoohh! I love angel hair with lemon, basil and capers. And artichokes!\nYea and you can even make it with rice flour with the rare few who have gluten allergies.\nI actually have a gluten intolerance and only eat rice pasta. Specifically the brand Tinkyada.\nOh really, do you prefer dried or fresh pasta? Ive always liked fresh when i can get it.\nI've never actually had fresh pasta. I bet it is super yummy. Doesn't fresh pasta use eggs? I'm allergic to eggs.
Do you have a favorite number? Mine is 7. \nMine is 10, the number of winners.\nSeven is the number after 6 but before 8.\nThat makes a hell of a sense.
I have a friend that is terrified of clowns. Its pretty funny.
I love to bake cakes. My wife married me because she loves my cakes so much.\nYes, we all love cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat. I can't do without sugar and banana muffins \nShe jokes around that I'm The Cake Boss after the tv show.What's your favorite flavor of cake?\nAh, cake boss, that guy make us all wanna be like him :)  but all over the world, I realize that the most commonly baked item is bread\nWhat type of bread is the most commonly baked?\nOh well, bread is bread. Let me tell you the process heat is transfered to surface of dough and it gradually moves to the center and other parts before you say jack, bread is ready.\nWhat kind of bread types are there?
twins are such an interesting subject!what can you tell me about them
I am bored of my maids.\nWhy? The word maid is short for maiden, meaning virgin. Do you know how that evolved into someone cleaning the house?\nI don't know I just need a change I guess. How did that evolve into someone who cleans a house?\nI'm not sure. I was hoping you knew. In Victorian times the maids were expected to remain unmarried.\nWhy did they need to remain unmarried?
We had circus in the area last week.  I am not a fan of the clowns. Are you? \nClowns are very interesting and oftentimes come with different costumes and performances. I enjoy them.\nthe comedy style of clowns , playing the fool, has a long history in many countries. \nThey have a pretty rich history. These comic performers often use slapstick methods for laughs\nI think the fear of clowns is a psychiatric condition that is called coulrophobia. 
Jazz is a music genre originated in New Orleans african amaerican community\nI love jazz! Sinatra and Tony Bennett are my two favorites. Diana Krall is also a good new singer.\nYes jazz developed from roots of blues and ragtime\nCorrect! It has deep roots in those genres. I love the trumpet in certain jazz songs.
I like jazz. I like all that America classical music.\nJazz is okay sometimes but not my first choice.
Do you know anyone struggling with alcohol and trying to gain sobriety to not have measurable levels of alcohol.\nI actually do. It is a difficult struggle. Do you know someone as well?\nNot really, but I am usually a person in a state considered sober. I feel like drugs just do more harm than anything.\nI agree. It is not something I can imagine dealing with personally!
Do you like Jazz Music. I'm getting into it as I get older. \nI like it a lot since it's really relaxing to listen to. You can definitely tell that it came from the African-American communities in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in America.\nYes, I listen to it at night while I cook dinner. It helps me wind down from a stressful day. \nThat sounds really nice! It makes sense that I like it since I like the blues and ragtime and they're all very similar.\nWhat's ragtime? I've not herd of it.
So if you don't own a harley what do you own?
Manta Rays are large rays\nI never believed how big they were until I saw them in a documentary. They're huge!\nThey have triangular pectoral fins. Scary\nNot scary, I think that's just what gives them their wide diamond shape. I heard they have a giant migration pattern.
I have an identical twin brother! They were both born from the same pregnancy. Do you have any twins in your family? \nMy two little sisters were twins. How do twins develope?\nWell there are two types. The first are identical, where they develop from the same zygote. Fraternal twins develop from two separate eggs! What type are your sisters?\nFraternal. We thought they were gonna be identical.\nInteresting! They were both fertilized by a different sperm cell in this case. Do you know much about human biology? \nNot much really. Is there anything more you could me about it?
Hi. I have brown hair.\nThat's nice. Is it long or short hair?
I would like to be a physician because  the profession is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease and others \nNice ,so what does it take to be one?\nIt  will  requires you to have  both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines  and a decent competence in its applied practice which is the art or "craft" of medicine.\nOK what institution offers the course?
7 is my favorite number, It is a natural number.\nI like the number 7 too!  I always bet on it at the casino!
Ireally love the color red, In fact the color red is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light, next to the color orange and opposite of violet.\nHey, red is actually my favorite color! You know I find that red is very influential in a lot of ways. Have you heard of color psychology?\nYes and I hear that Colors can also enhance the effectiveness of placebos.\nSo if a pill is red, I can expect that I'll *think* it will work better than a pill that isn't red?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and the ability to perform sports, occupations and everyday activities.\nYes, are you into physical fitness?\nYes I have always been into physical fitness to a certain extent.  I have always at least tried to work out 3 or more days a week to maintain health and bodyweight.    HOw about you?\nI think my physical fitness days are over - I walk and that's about it - LOL!  Do you know the benefits of walking daily?\nI hear ya, I have slowed down some myself.  I am guessing the benefits of walking daily might be to  lower blood pressure, relieve stress, maintain weight?  Am I anywhere close to being accurate?\nI hope so, I need at least two of those - LOL!!  Do you know anything about weight lifting for older women?\nI do not know a whole lot on weight lifting for older women.  I do know you should start with lightweights first, and not overdo it.  Physical fitness is usually achieved by eating right, moderate exercise and a good nights rest.\nI eat a keto diet and it's done wonders for me so far.  I've been thinking about adding some light weights.
I really like the color red, but it's getting old in my kitchen now.
I really like cooking pasta, it is some of my favorite Italian food.\nI do too. What type of pastas do you like to make?\nAngel hair is always a great one to use in standard Italian cuisine.\nYes! I prefer angel hair in spaghetti instead of the traditional spaghetti noodles. Do you make different pasta dishes? 
I know that luxury cars are a hot topic, but if I had to choose my favorite brand, it would have to be Ferrari.\nThe Ferrari, Italian sports car based in Maranello, is an awesome car!\nIt really is! I think I heard somewhere that Ferrari has been around for a long time, but I forget. Did they start out as a car company, or as something else?\nI am not 100% sure on that however, I do know that it was founded by Enzo Ferrari and the company built its first car in 1940. \nMaybe I'm mixing them up with Lambo. If they started back in 1940, they've been going for a long time! Do they produce anything else other than sports carts?
I'm not very religious so I don't know a lot about gospel music, can you tell me anything about that style?\nOf course! I'd love to, I'm a huge fan of gospel music! It's known for its dominant vocals, strong use of harmony and Christian lyrics. It's really beautiful music.\nThat does sound powerful just reading about it, does it have a long history?
i m afraid of clowns
Red is my favorite color. I love wearing this color. Do you like the color red?\nI do like red! It is actually at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nWhat are all the colors of the visible spectrum?\nThe visible spectrum includes wavelengths from 390 and 700 nm. The primary colors are red, green, blue.\nWhat exactly are wavelengths and how do they work?\nWavelengths are what human eyes can percept. Values outside the wavelength are detectable by computers!\nWow! That is really cool. So, computers can detect values that the human eye can not see?\nIndeed! For example infrared radiation is invisible to humans but detectable by science instruments!\nI've heard of infrared radiation but I'm not that familiar with it. Is that the type radiation associated with microwaves?
I have naturally brown hair, it's the second most common hair color after black\nBrown hair is lovely! I didn't realize it was that popular! Are there a lot of shades of brown hair?
I have brown hair. what about you ?\nI have light brown hair. It's apparently the most common hair color, after black\nYeah. which shampoo do you use ?
What color is your hair? Brown hair the second most common.\nI have brown hair.\nMe too, dark brown hair. But it also varies from light brown as well.\nI am just happy I have hair.\nHa, good news then. Brown hair tends to be thicker than fair hair.\nMy hair is thick and it is curly.
Do you dye your hair?\nI have never colored my hair, i do not want to change my hair color\nI dye it a medium brown because I'm starting to get white hairs. I hate them!\ndo you dye your hair independently or get it done profesiionally?\nI do it myself. It's too expensive for me to do it a salon. I'm actually do for another dye job soon because my white hairs are starting to show again. \nhair coloring is very popular, 75% of women and 18% of men do it!\nOh wow, I didn't know that! Do you know what is the most popular color people choose to dye their hair?
Are fat people funiier? Maybe. what do you think?\nI am not too familiar with the fat acceptance movement. Obesity is terrible for your health, so why accept it?\nWhy not accept it? Is it any of your business if someone is fat or not? Does it affect you, really?
Italian food is so good, especially pasta! It's typically a noodle made from wheat flour dough.\nI love Italian food. I only know how to make spaghetti and lasagna. Do you make a lot of Italian food?
So I'm on a serious diet with exercise to combat my obesity. I currently weigh 300 lbs.\nTell me about your diet?\nI'm using the Paleolithic diet (which is also known as the caveman diet).  Very lean and clean.\nSo I'm guessing mostly fish and chicken, what are the benefits of this diet?\nIt uses foods presumed to have only been available during the stone-age. Meat and vegetable, berries, etc.\nI guess that makes it healthier, do you like the diet, did you try any others?
I can bake a mean cake. Have you ever baked?\nOh yeah, baking is a lot of fun since I love cooking food.\nWhat do you like to bake? I have made bread from scratch\nI really love baking and cooking up cakes and bread.\nThat sounds delicious. I need to bake more
I love to make fresh pasta by hand, it's quick and cheap and delicious!\nThat's creative indeed. Whats a pasts if I may ask?\nPasta is a noodle dish made from a dough consisting of eggs and flour (typically semolina, which is what I use). Great in italian cooking!\nThats nice ! How long has pasta of if I may say semolina been eating as food?\nHow long has it been used? Earliest references show around 1154 in Sicily, at least for italian pasta!\nDo you know how its prepared?
I love Jazz, I was born in the birthplace of Jazz, New Orleans !\nYes! Jazz is 'America's Classical Music' Specifically I like Nat King Cole, who do you like?\nYes, Nat King Cole, and Natalie Cole. I also Love Louis Armstrong... Ertha Kitt sang a nice verbato in her day as well. \nYes! Do you have any favorite songs? I like "Nature Boy"\nanita baker giving you the best i got
I think superman has to be one of the best super heroes alive.
Sobriety is the condition of not having any measurable levels or effects from alochol.\nAre there benefits to staying sober?\nsobriety is also considered to be the natural state of human being given at birth\nI know some people that are practicing sobriety. It seems difficult. Are there ways to get help?
I just love to bake. I'm always in the kitchen baking something.\nI always enjoy baking, too.  I am not real good, but I like to try new things.  The most common thing to bake is bread, but there are all types of other kinds to bake.  What do you like to bake/?\nI really like to bake cakes, there are so many options with that. Bread is most common but I have not tried my own yet
hello, i think my favorite color is red
Comic-Con in San Diego sounds like a great time, have you ever been there?\nI have not, although I understand it is held annually in San Diego.\nSo there are a lot of people that dress up as comic book characters at Comic-Con, which character would you dress up as?
Hi there, I love showers. Some showers are even outdoors!\nShowering is the first thing I do in the morning. I've never showered outdoors, though.\nAfter a shower I feel clean and fresh. I usually take one before I go to sleep.\nDo you prefer a hot shower or cold shower at that point then?
My hair is black. What color is your hair?
JAzz is such pretty music, isn't it?\nYes, it is and intellectuals around the world say it is "one of America's original art forms".\nOh, that's a beautiful sentiment, where did it originate?\nIt originated in the African-Amercian communities of New Orleans during the late 19th and early 20th centuries\nInteresting, what a cool origin, is it still going strong today\nI believe so, since the 1920 it has been as a major form of musical expression.\nOh indeed, but what characterizes jazz as jazz?\nIt is characterized by call and response vocals, swing and blue notes, and the polyrhythms and improvisation\nI see, and who would you say is the most memorable jazz singers out there?
Hey there!! How are ya?\nHey there! i'm very good! What do you know about the manta ray?\nNot much really but it was the only thing to choose from.\nWell it seems there are two different main types. One of them is very large and the other decently small.\nOkay so you know some about them. Great!! Have you ever seen one in the ocean before?\nI have seen the larger ones in the ocean and the smaller ones in aquariums. These things are super protected by government agencies in the wild and domestic.\nI didn't know that. Are the endangered then?
I like to shop at Target. It's actually the second largest discount store in the US, next to Walmart.\nI also love Target, they are so clean inside.\nYes, and items are a bit different. It used to be named Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902 when it was first opened, and went through a few more names until 1910\nSo it officially became Target in 1910?
I have an identical twin brother! They were both born from the same pregnancy. Do you have any twins in your family? \nMy two little sisters were twins. How do twins develope?\nWell there are two types. The first are identical, where they develop from the same zygote. Fraternal twins develop from two separate eggs! What type are your sisters?\nFraternal. We thought they were gonna be identical.
I study philosophy at umass\nThat's impressive. It's a huge university - the biggest in New England I believe. How many years have you been there?\nI barley started there. I heard they had a good research facility. Is that true?
Do you enjoy a good wine tasting. I find I meet the most interesting people at them.\nOh that is the sensory evaluation of wine, I enjoy it a bit\nMy local Vineyard had a pairing last weekend with cupcakes. O' my it was awesome.
Do you have brown hair? I have super dark brown hair, its really long too.\nMe too I have brown hair it is the second most popular color, the first is black.\nwhen i was a little girl, i had blonde natural highlights through my hair. now its just brown with some grey streaks haha
my favorite color is red, it is right between orange and the opposite of violet on the spectrum\nI like the colour red too! My favourite colour is green :) 
I really love cheese, especially Gouda, the most popular cheese in the world, how about you?\nCheese does have an excellent flavor, Cheddar is my favorite because it is healthy for your teeth. Medical science also recently discovered that it is good for your heart :)\nCheddar is also the most popular type of cheese in the UK.\nI am pretty sure that cheese has enzymes and probiotics too. Wow, are you from the UK? What part?
Pasta dishes are some of the best Italian food.\nWhat kind of pasta dishes do you think are the best?\nWhen it comes to pasta and noodles i love fresh angel hair.\nOoohh! I love angel hair with lemon, basil and capers. And artichokes!\nYea and you can even make it with rice flour with the rare few who have gluten allergies.\nI actually have a gluten intolerance and only eat rice pasta. Specifically the brand Tinkyada.
Red is such a passionate, vibrant color
have you ever tried wine tasting? it is a sensory examination and evaluation of wines\nI have! We recently rewatched the movie Sideways, where there are some pretty funny scenes about wine tasting. Do you have a favorite vineyard or type of wine?\nwith all the varities of grapes and strains there are a lot of types, but they are all so good, I am not sure if i have a favorite!\nOf course a lot of people use wine tasting as an excuse to *drink* wine. Really, you're supposed to just hold it in your mouth for the taste, then spit it out!\nYeah there is certainly a portion of people that are more informal and do it for recreation in a much less analytical way\nThe most beautiful setting I ever did wine tasting was in Italy. Of course ;-) Nothing like being surrounded by the Tuscan countryside while sampling Chianti!
Do you have a favorite number? Mine is 7. \nMine is 10, the number of winners.
I love Ferrari's.  They are probably my favorite Italian car.\nI love them too. They are sharp.\nFerrari's were founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari, and the first car arrived in 1940.\nWow that is many years ago! I had no idea. What else do you know about Ferrari's?\nWell in 2014, Brand Finance rated Ferrari as the world's more powerful brand.\nI didn't know Ferrari's were so powerful!\nYeah in 2012, a 1962 250 GTO became the most epensive car in history when it was sold in a private transaction to Craig McCaw.\nHow much was it sold for?
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it is so relaxing.\nJazz really is nice so soothing to listen to, its popular amoung african americans\nThat makes sense, since it is reminiscent of the blues.\nYep has deep roots in blues and ragtime\nI thought so! I love the instruments that they use in jazz too.
Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat, mainly for things like pastries\nI do like baking, though mainly baking cookies. Because I'm not really good at it. Would you happen to have any tips on how to become better at it?
I just love pasta - do you?\nI love pasta! and overall all italian cuisine, you know typical food from italy\nI just love all the different toppings you can put on it - and you can get so creative with them also\nWell, Italy, with around 61 million inhabitants and being the fourth mos populous EU member state they sure have a lot o chefs and a lot of diferent recipies!\nwow - I didn't realize that many lived there.\nYes i was there in 2013 and being there i was able to try fresh pasta! the one that we usually weat its dried pasta those are the two categories they have\nDoes fresh pasta taste a lot different?\nIt does! everything about the italian cuisine offers an abundance of tastem no wonder it is one of the most popular and copied in the world, but nothing like the original\nI like pizza also - it's probably my favorite dish - oh and lasagna - ok just all of it
ah chronic fatigue syndrome is referred to a myalgic encephalomyelitis, it is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptons that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily acitivites\nThat sounds horrible. i have never heard of it before. What is it caused by?\nwell its a biolgoical, generic, infections and psychological mechanisms have been proposed, but the cause is not understood\nWow, that is good to know. I think more people are affected by it than we know.
I love the color red - it has been an important color for centuries\nIt has been important both negative and positive.\nColors can have different effects on people - there are whole fields of study about this\nSo what is that study called?  What does red do to people?
My favorite color is red.\nRed is at the end of the spectrum of light, its with orange and opposite of violet.\nI didn't know that. What else do you know about red?
I've always wanted to go to San Diego's Comic-Con! Have you ever gone?\nI have not but I have wanted to go as well! It was founded in 1970!\nOh really? I had no idea! It seems so popular recently! I know the stars of my favorite show, The Walking Dead, usually make an appearance! What else can you do at Comic-Con?\nWell it is a 4 day event held every summer. You can meet your favorite characters and creators of many different comic related things.\nIt seems like a huge event! Do you know how many people usually attend?
greetings, i enjoys kayaking in my free time\nI think kayaking is fun too! It is one of the many common activities that involve water.\nits a fun way to enjoy and participate in sports\nYes and there are many water sports. Some are underwater, over water, or in the water. \nI like  the over the water sports, do not like being in the water
I dont like alchohol. I have never drank it!
If I hit the lotto I think I will go buy me an Italian sports car I'm thinking a Ferrari. \nYes! Haha what a great thought! Ferraris are neat, when were they invented?
There is a real issue with obesity in the US.  Right?\nYes, obesity in the United States has been increasingly cited as a major health issue.\nWhat kind of health issues are there associated with obesity?\nWell, obesity causes diseases like coronary heart diseases, which can lead to mortality.\nWow, that is definitely not good.  What is the best thing someone can do to fight obesity?
My favorite music is rock and roll.\nGotta love some Rock and Roll.  It's one of my favorites as well.\nI like the fact that is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s\nIndeed it did.  I was speaking to a friend earlier about James Brown and how he influenced so many genres of music starting in the 60's.
I think superman has to be one of the best super heroes alive.\nI dunno, I think Batman was pretty good\nI mean superman can fly and take a bullet to the eye and not flinch!\nBut Batman is the Caped Crusader! The Dark Knight! The world's Greatest DEtective!\nHe is amazing, and he has an awesome buttler,  I just think the flying aspect cant be beat.
My all time favorite 80's band is Ah-Ha, with my favorite song being "Take On Me". What is your opinion of 80's music?\nI love all the major trends of 80's music, it's still popular to me! It's hard to pick, I was an 80's baby, were you?\nNo, I was not - was born in the 90's. What are some of your favorite 80's songs? I really enjoy "Whip It" by Devo - it managed to hit #1 on the Billboard charts.\nNo one can dance these days like they used to in 80's music lol. Madonna, Prince and Journey are awesome \nThose singers and bands are really great! I wish I could have been one of their first fans when they formed in 1973.\nCan you believe Madonna was born in 1958? That singer knows how to hold her age well. \nI know!!! And can you believe she is working on her 14th studio album?
I love harley davidson's, so much so i attend their owners clubs. How about you?\nI haven't but there is an owner's club in Toronto it looks like, close by. What do you do at the club? \nmainly chat about the bikes, like the shovelhead engine because it looked like coal be shoveled into the engine when turned upside down lol\nHow often do you guys ride? Looks like you have specific rules about riding in a particular formation and a captain for the front and back
I like red color\nThey say one can get that color in mars because of  iron oxide \nI am not too sure of that but I would say I love red cars and roses\nmy first car was a toyota camry and the red made it stand out everywhere I go. red is good on metallic surfaces ;)\ni like red toyota camry sport versions 
I go to the San Diego Comic-Con every year.\nIt looks rather fun! I've never been to a comic-con. Do you dress up?\nYes its a four-day event so I usually only dress up for the first day.\nThat's cool! Do you know any interesting facts about that comic-con?
I love to read fiction how about you?\nyes i love the classification for any story or setting that is derived from imagination of the author!\nYeah some are really good! do you have a favorite?\ni enjoy gothic fiction, which is largely known by the subgenre of gothic horror, is a genre or mode of literature and film that combines fiction and horror or death\nYeah like lovecraft?\nwell something like Horace Walpole would write such as the 1974 novel The castle of Otranto - A Gothic Story\nThat is really cool!
Childcare involve supervision of children from ages 6 weeks to 13\nI have two small children in that age range. How about you?\nI have 1 child in that age range and use to have a child around that age but he's 5 now and it also involves nannies, baby sitters, teachers, and day care centers.   It's so hard to find a good one too huh?\nIt really is! We had to put both of my kids (4, 6) into different schools just because they each specialize in something different. Plus, we have had to have help from family members when daycare times are crazy.\nEarly childcare is such an important part of a babies life too and development.  Just finding the right care that you can trust is so crucial\nCompletely agree. We tried one daycare for my youngest and I didn't think they were providing enough education. Even though they were great people, we had to move out. Have you ever had to leave a child supervision facility for a similar reason?
I give my dog two dog biscuits when he is a good boy.\nAww! That's cute! And actually, you're doing something good for his health! Dry, hard dog biscuits can help clean a dog's teeth!\nThat what I have heard and he just loves them!\nI'll bet! Dogs seem to like dog biscuits like humans love snack food! I know I'd be happy if someone handed me snack food a few times a day! Ha!\nSame! Do you know what the treats are made of?\nI think they're made mostly from bran. Way back in Roman times, dog treats were mentioned to be "dog's bread." It's hard to believe dog treats have been around for so long, isn't it?\nyeah I had no idea they made them way back then
I've never dyed my hair before, but I've considered it! \nYeah hair dyeing is pretty popular. I like having blonde hair so I haven't changed it.\nI once had a friend telly me i should dye it a gray ombre, but I am honestly too lazy to care that much. I also like my natural hair color (dark brown)\nNice..Yeah I prefer natural hair colors. I usually associate gray and white with age.\nIt's kind of a trend right now, I guess. I've met a few young guys that dye their heir gray. It's more of a silver, really.\nThat is interesting. There was a study that was done in Copenhagen that showed 18% of men dye their hair.\nHair coloring
I love red! I mean think of all the beauty that is red -- a classic lip color, roses, valentines, sports cars....\nYes there are so many beautiful types of red from scarlett to crimson to pink\nVery true -- all the shades are gorgeous too. Plus it truly is a color of confidence. I might not always feel like wearing red, but when I do -- it's like a superhero cape ;-)
Target is one of my favorite stores. It's way better than Walmart.\nTarget is the second largest now, right behind Walmart\nWow, I didn't know that.  Are there Target stores outside of the USA?\nThere was a Canadian subsidiary but it went bust.\nHow is it like to work at Target?
I love red color, is my favorite\nWell thats good color to be a fan of as it is at the end of the visable spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet\nIs red color a primary color?\nwhy yes it is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model.  It is the complementary color of cyan\nWhat more can you tell me about red color
i love girls with brown hair makes them so beautiful.\nBrown hair is the second most common hair color in the world\nWow, i din't know that could you tell me more about brown hair\nIn most people it varies from light brown to almost black hair\nYeah most of the time i cannot tell the difference, anyway i like booth types of hair\nYou may have heard people with brown hair called bruenttes before\nYeah i have heard that term used for a long time, do you know many people with brown hair?
Wine tasting is truly amazing. There are so many different varieties.\nOh yes, the practice is ancient since the 14th century. It's slowly been refined over time\nI especially love to learn about all the pairings as well. It makes the meal a lot better.\nYea. Wine tasting examines the wine using the senses and it helps to pair them correctly. Red and meat, for example (if you're into that)\nI see. There are wine pairings for all flavors, sweet and savory.
I love the color red,red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nI love red too! Red is my favorite color!\nMars is red and its Iron Oxide that gives the red color to the planet\nI did not know that, that is really cool. What else do you know about red.\nThe color of blood comes from the protein hemoglobin while red leaves get their color from anthocyanins\nIsnt red one of the primary colors?
Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con?\nNo, but I know that San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment \nI've never been either but it looks like a lot of fun!
One of my favorite colors is one of the primary colors, Red\nRed is my favorite!\nRed is actually the color at the very end of the visible spectrum of light\nI have heard cars that are red get tickets more\nThat makes sense, it has dominant wavelengths which makes it easier to see\nwhat else do you know about it
I just brown hair.  I wonder how many people have brown hair.
I dont like alchohol. I have never drank it!\nThat means you may not have experienced Sobriety  before which is a form of  not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nI see, is it the same as a sobriety test done by law enforcement? \nOf course yes they need to know if the person is sober or  in a state of sobriety\nYes that makes sense. What else do you know about sobriety? \nWell it is the state that everyone has experienced before because it is the natural state of a human being given at a birth.\nI think one should always be sober given that it is a natural state. Do you agree?
I love shopping at Target, its so much better than Walmart even if its a little more expensive.\nYes, i agree. I love Target also. I think Target has established itself now as one of the highest earning stores other than Wal mart\nReally, I heard they had to close their whole Canadian operation because of poor sales.\nI am in the USA . Target established itself as the highest earning in the Dayton-Hudson division \nWhere is that ? In Ohio ?\nYes. The Target stores here in my area have great success and lots of cheap-chic deals.\nHere in Texas, its pretty successful too I think hahaha
Have you ever wrapped your thighs around a Harley-Davidson American motorcycle?\nnope tell me about it
I would like to be a physician because  the profession is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease and others \nNice ,so what does it take to be one?\nIt  will  requires you to have  both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines  and a decent competence in its applied practice which is the art or "craft" of medicine.\nOK what institution offers the course?\nAlot across the USA but I like John Hopkins University for it. Also, know that degrees and other qualifications vary widely, but there are some common elements, such as medical ethics \nOK how many years?
let me tell you something... childcare is so expensive!!\nIt is but quality care at a young age is so important\ni agree and that's why i'm a stay at home mom. I used to work at a daycare and there is so much negligence! \nYes, child care providers are actually the first teachers a child has\nunless you home school :) then you are the first teacher\nQuality care can mean everything in the world to future success of a child\ni strongly agree! 
I believe in so many things but fully believe we should want a state of health and well being. I play many sports and believe in my physical fitness as a way of life!\nPhysical fitness is really important to me too.
Obesity in America is a serious health issue.  Have you known anyone who struggled with obesity?
Have you ever thought about red foods? Do you know what makes them red?
my wife has brown hair, it's so pretty i really love it
Baking, or the method of cooking baked goods, is so much fun.\nyea it really is.
I'm feeling a lot more tired than I usually have been. I'm worried I might have an illness of some kind, like chronic fatigue.\nThats not good, A doctor can usually diagnose you based on a your symptoms, You should get that checked out. \nWhat kinds of symptoms should I really be concerned about? Surely if I'm just tired I don't have to assume the worst, right?
I work at the local Target store. It's pretty easy.\nOh I love Target! It's the second largest discount retailer in the US. \nThat's big. I guess Walmart is probably the largest. You seem knowledgeable, what else can you tell me about Target?\nWell, the first one opened in 1962. They were briefly in Canada, I'm so sad it didn't work out. \nThat's older than I would assume. And I wonder why that didn't work out! Do you happen to know how many stores they have across the U.S.?\nTarget's failure in the Canadian market was a downturn for them, but they have experienced revitalization lately. \nInteresting. What caused the revitalization?
I used to really like Anthony Michael Hall, who starred in several teen films in the 80s\nHis name sounds very familiar, but I can't place him. Can you name some of the movies he's been in?\nSure Sixteen Candles and National Lampoons Vacation\nSixteen Candles was a great movie! I remember watching that when I was younger and loving it.\nThen he did The Breakfast Club and Weird Science - my husband really likes that one.\nThe Breakfast Club is a classic! That is one of my favorite movies ever. That is probably where I recognize Anthony Michael Hall's name from.
I love Gospel music,it inspires me alot\nMe too! It usually involves dominant vocals and harmony, which is the best part about it. I'm really not into the God part personally.\nHow about you favorite gospel artist?\nI actually haven't heard a lot of gospel singers. What is yours? Gospel music goes waaay back to the 17th century.\nFred Hammond, don't Moen et al, you can name yours too.Guess you have the information already?
I try to give my dog a dog biscuit every couple of days, they're a hard biscuit-based dietary supplement, similar to human snack food.\nI give mine a dog biscuit every day when he goes to sleep.  Do you think they are healthy?
Do uo\nWe are talking about popular music in the 1980s.\nWhat is your favorite 1980s music\nwell, the 1980s saw emergence of dance music and new wave.\nWow, do you love so many of 1980s music's?
Obesity is such a huge medical issue right now.\nOh my goodness it really is, it is sad, I wonder how many people are struggling with it currently?
Lets talk about red, Super stylish, and bulls love the color.
I love to color my hair. I recently colored it purple.\nHow interesting! Did you do it yourself or did you go to a professional?\nI did it myself at home. Do you have any advice on how to maintain it?
I would like to go to the San Diego comic con one day.  have you ever been?\nI have once, for a short time only, its nice its a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nI have seen on the internet that people dress up as their favorite characters.  Would i be out of place if i dressed up like Mr. Pickles, the dog from the cartoon network?\nNice, a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests, you can get lucky and see someone famous too!\nIf i understand correctly, they just sit around and read comic books?  Between the costume, airfare, hotel, and meals, it seems like quite an expensive hobby.\nYes it is pretty expensive, and its a four-day event (ThursdaySunday) held during the summer, so staying there also makes it more expensive \nI'm sure that San Diego is beautiful and they have a wonderful time.  If they get bored, they could always visit the San Diego Zoo!!!!!
I don't know a lot about motorcycles but I have heard of Harley-Davidson \nYeah, the Harley-Davison motorcycles are awesome. They're an American motorcycle founded in Milwaukee in 1903. My dad drives one!\nAwesome! Are they the most popular motorcycle brand in the US?\nDefinitely! They're also one of two American motorcycle companies to survive the Great Depression. The company has been going strong for years making good bikes.\nThat is interesting. Is this brand common in the rest of the world?
I was thinking about purchasing a new vehicle and saw a nice red one I liked. Do you like red?
Do you work out? I'm working pretty fierce on having a tone body. I'm into health, my well-being to perform in sports etc.\nI do work out, but I need to more often. That's great you are so dedicated to it!\nI'm still working on getting better proper nutrition (Cheetos get me) but moderate vigorous exercise feels great\nYes, we have a swimming pool so I've been able to get a bit more exercise, while enjoying the cool water during this hot summer.
I like target but they are a little pricey \nWell the Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer store in all of the US.\nCool! How much is there revenue ?\nI havent seen their financial records but the Target Corporation is listed on the S&P Index.\nInteresting! please tell me more about this company.\nThe Target Corporation was founded by George Dayton. Its headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.\nI never knew that! How many stores are there?
My favorite color is red, I love it and try to get everything in red!
So I currently have 4 gray hairs. When I get 10 I'm dying my hair as black as night. Have you colored your hair?
I used to suffer from obesity, which is a medical condition in which excess body fat accumulates in the body. \nGood for you for fighting back, I hope you feel great now!\nI do, my main motivation was to reduce my risk of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes.\nThat is awesome, how much weight did you lose?\nI lost 160 pounds! Its mainly down to the amount of physical activity I did.\nHoly cow, that is massive, great job friend, I am proud of you, I only weigh 190\nThanks. You must have maintained a healthy weight through the combination of social changes and personal choices.\nI guess I have, sometimes I feel too small, and want to put on weight
I have purple hair :D\nwow that is awesome what made you want to get purple hair
I love the color red! It has actually been one of the first colors around, even since prehistoric art.\nI love red too! Do you know what it says about ones personality? \nI've heard a mixture of opinions, but what does it say? I definitely know it's a primary color in the RGB model lol.\nI'm not sure. I was hoping it said strong people love red!
I've got banana bread in the oven right now -- do you bake?\nYes just cupcakes and cookies. That banana bread is sure good with those mashed bananas.\nTotally.  What's your favorite thing to bake?  Do you have any secrets?\nYes Regional street food like tacos.\nI didn't realize tacos could be baked.  I suppose the tortillas can.  Tell me more about baking, though.\nIn North America, tortillas are made from ground corn.\nWasn't American corn at one point called maize?\nThat's right! Domesticated by people of South Mexico ten thousand years ago.\nThat's a long time ago.  So, does that mean the Aztecs grew it?
I like target but they are a little pricey \nWell the Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer store in all of the US.\nCool! How much is there revenue ?\nI havent seen their financial records but the Target Corporation is listed on the S&P Index.\nInteresting! please tell me more about this company.
I love the music from the eighties, do you?\nI was born in the 90s but I always hear family say 80s music was the most popular and trends.\nI liked KC & the sunshine band and the Gap band in the eighties\nWhat genre of music is that is that disco musical style?\nYes the eighties were all about disco music and club music
I'm feeling a lot more tired than I usually have been. I'm worried I might have an illness of some kind, like chronic fatigue.
I really like the color red. I find it beautiful.\nthe color red has a wavelength of approx. 625-740 nanometres\nIs red one of the primary colors?
I have brown hair - the most common color other than black\nI think my is black but it might just be really dark brown
Do you do any water sports, such as kayaking or canoeing?\nI love to canoe! What about you?\nI canoe too! Have you heard of canoe camping? It's a multiple day canoe trip, where you camp at the end of the day.\nNo! We've always just called that a canoe trip.\nNice! It's mostly practiced in North America.\nWhat else can you tell me about canoes and canoe camping?\nCanoes are also used for racing, general recreation, and waterwater canoeing.\nWhite water canoeing seems too scary for me to try. 
I am bored of my maids.\nWhy? The word maid is short for maiden, meaning virgin. Do you know how that evolved into someone cleaning the house?\nI don't know I just need a change I guess. How did that evolve into someone who cleans a house?\nI'm not sure. I was hoping you knew. In Victorian times the maids were expected to remain unmarried.\nWhy did they need to remain unmarried?\nBecause they needed to devote all their time to the household. Even the highest-ranking workers, like butlers, could be dismissed if they married.\nWoW! I did not know that. That's almost equivalent to a slave!
Preschools cost way too much for a regular working adult trying to put their child through the education system.\nDo you know why they cost so much?
Do you like Snoop Dogg I think he is overrated \nI do like Snoop Dogg. You have to remember that he has been relevant to rap since 1992 when he was discovered by Dr Dre.\nYeah he is dad old now in his life\nSnoop Dogg also has sold over 23 million albums since then. And that is just in the United States alone.\nO wow I had no idea he was so popular,.\nI remember I was about 12 when Snoop Dogg's album came out in 1993. That album went platinum 4 times by 1994.\nWhat do you think his best song is?
I like to dye my hair blonde to cover my gray\nI see. Why do you do that?\nTo cover my gray hair and have more blond\nOh okay, what is a blonde color?\nLow levels of the dark pigment eumelanin\nWhat exactly is eumelanin?
I just dyed my hair light purple. I am really excited about it!\nThat sounds amazing!  Hair color can be done by a hairdresser or at home, how did you do yours?\nI went to a hairdresser to have it done.\nI wish I could see it!  Hair dying has a long history.  In ancient Greece the Celtic people dyed their hair blonde.\nThat's really cool! How did they manage that?\nThey bleached it by washing it in lime and combing it back!  Crazy to think of that happening so long ago.\nI guess people have always wanted to try different things. That is super interesting!
I love baking! My favorite thing to make is peanut butter cookies. What kind of baked sweets do you like eating or making?\nI like baking too! My favorite thing to bake is brownies.\nAh! I love brownies! What do you put in your brownies or do you like brownies as is?\nI like walnuts in my brownies. Do you enjoy any cooking TV shows?\nNo I don't. I like reading recipes and reading those recipe's reviews! What cooking shows do you recommend to watch?\nI enjoy Chopped even though they dont do much baking. \nWhat kind of meals do you like the most from Chopped?
I enjoy jazz music. My African-American friend introduced it to me.\nOh wow, I have not really listened to it much, don't they play a lot of saxophones in jazz\nYeah, and its a major form of musical expression\nI see, it would be a good way to let off steam and play some jazz music! How long has it been around now?\nIt's been around since the 19th century, getting it's roots from blues and ragtime.\nOh that makes sense, blues and jazz seem very similar, are there really many differences between the two?\nJazz involves more improvisation and has a more upbeat swing.\nYes, I can see that now, blues is typically a little bit sadder. What exactly is ragtime music?
I love pasta if I could eat it everyday I would the noodles and flour taste just gets me I'm a starchy kind of girl lol.\nI love mac and cheese. Any kinda carb really lol.
i wish i could lose weight, i'm so obese \ni have some excess body fat as well. so i feel you on that\ni don't even know how i became so obese
Hair dyeing, coloring, whatever you want to call it, I have purple hair now.\nPurple! Lol I have platinum blonde that I maintain with purple shampoo, so sometimes if I leave it in too long it turns purplish\nI don't think I could pull off that color (which I love!), but I got tired of people complaining about the grey hairs popping up, so I figured I'd show them!\nHaha! That is funny! I found a grey hair but just one and its because I have a toddler, I shouldnt be getting those yet!
Have you ever colored your hair.?  Dyeing it black, red, brown for example.\nno but I am curious
Have you ever worked at a day care? Childcare is generally given to kids ages 6 weeks to 13 years.\ni have not and was not in it growing up either\nWell child care is very important in developing a child's emotional and social development,\nIn 2011, the median annual salary for a child care worker was $19,430, less than a parking lot attendant or a janitor.\nThat is not a very good salary and probably representative of the gender pay gap in the U.S.\ni think it has to do with the fact that its an unskilled job, but things have changed so much, Fewer than one-in-three children today have a full-time, stay-at-home parent. In 1975, only a generation ago, more than half of all children had a stay-at-home parent\nYes, I agree. Now they're are a lot of stay-at-home dads. You know, where the dad doesn't work and the mom does.\nthere also is a huge market for it,  Almost one-quarter (23.4 percent) of children under the age of five are in some form of organized child care a
I love Jazz, I was born in the birthplace of Jazz, New Orleans !\nYes! Jazz is 'America's Classical Music' Specifically I like Nat King Cole, who do you like?\nYes, Nat King Cole, and Natalie Cole. I also Love Louis Armstrong... Ertha Kitt sang a nice verbato in her day as well. 
Hey man, I love listening to Snoop Dog. You know the American rapper and songwriter?\nOh yeah. He's great. I like almost all his songs
My mother always enjoyed jazz music. I might try to find a jazz concert to give it a try\nJazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans it is also my favorite music genre\nWho are some popular jazz artists?\nRichard Gordon is an American arranger, composer, songwriter, and classically trained guitarist who has recorded several contemporary jazz music\nHow long has jazz been around?\nSince the 1920s Jazz Age, jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression\nWhat kinds of instruments are used in jazz music?
I enjoy jazz music. My love for jazz started way back in middle school when I played trombone in my school's Jazz Band.\nCool was it a big band or a smaller one like a trio or quartet?\nIt was a decent sized band, approximately 25 students. We traveled all around the state performing at competitions. Do you enjoy jazz?\nYeah I like the improvisational nature it has. Many jazz musicians are seriously talented.\nNo kidding. My wife and I recently took a trip to the Mississippi Delta area, and the amount of jazz history in the area is astounding. We stayed in Natchez, Mississippi.\nCool, did you see any artifacts from the Natchez people? They were indigenous people that had complex chiefdom systems.\nWe didn't have time to explore that particular aspect of the area. We mainly focused on touring the numerous antebellum mansions in the area. Seriously, if you are interested in pre-civil war Southern architecture then you would love to visit the area.
I like to bake, I have made my own dough at home before and it is fun.\nI learned in class that  a baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads and other products\nCool, can you tell me about the history of baking?\nWell the space a baker works in is called a bakery naturally.\nWhat other things can you bake besides break?
I have become interested in watersports.  Do you like it?\nI do like some of them, but I know there are many. What kind do you like?\nI was thinking about wakeboarding or kayaking.  Which would you recommend?\nI don't know much about the water sport of wakeboarding, but I do like to canoe. I think that's similar to kayaking. \nIs it expesive to buy a canoe?  Is it hard to do?
Hi, I'm looking to buy a Harley bike. Have you any suggestions?\nAny Harley is a good choice with their style of customization.\nNice, I want one that is really loud. 
I don't like hair coloring\nI really don't like coloring my hair either.\nIt changes the natural color of the hair
Hi, I love Target can you tell me more about it?\nSure! I know that Target is the second-largest discount retailer in the U.S., behind Walmart!\nWow, does Target have groceries for sale like Walmart?\nMany of their stores do. They were originally called Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902, and carried all sorts of things - including food.\nWhy do you think Target is a better store than Walmart?
Obesity is the number one problem now days. It's going to kill more people then cancer.
Have you ever heard of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?\nYes, it is interesting that the diagnosis is based on symptoms for the most part.\nThere has been very little research until recently and it was often misdiagnosed as Fibromyalgia. Many doctors think its linked to the Epstein Barre virus which causes Mono. Do you know anyone with Mono or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?\nI had mono as a child, but if I understand correctly the cause of CFS is not completely understood.\nIt is still being researched. I also had mono and it has led to me having CFS. It is now know as Myalgic Encephalomyalitis or ME. Have you heard of the #MillionsMissing movement?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, \nDo I need to do a lot of strenuous exercise to be physically fit?
I have brown hair, but it's pretty light. So light that sometimes under the right lighting it looks blond!
My favorite color is red.\nmy favorite color is pink! what can you tellme about red\nIt is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nyeah nice.anything unique about it?
Hi, I love Target can you tell me more about it?
Red is my favorite color. It is the color of a lot of my favorite things, like strawberries.\nAwesome! Did you also know that Mars is red because of iron oxide?\nWow. I always wondered why.\nYeah! Mars is also the fourth planet from the Sun!\nIt is colder than Earth I imagine. Do you know more about Mars?\nYeah. It's just really cool how similar it is to Earth. The period and seasonal cycles are very similar to Earth's. \nI never knew that Mars had seasons. I bet it gets even colder there in winter though.
I've always found 7, the number between 6 and 8, to be a lucky number for me. \ni love the number 7 too.\nSometimes in the western world people draw a horizontal stroke through the middle of the 7, but you never see that on a keyboard.\nthats quite cool.
I want you to know that my favorite color is red.\nThat's cool! Red is a primary color and is the complementary color of cyan.\nHave you ever seen a red panda? They are rather amazing.
Are you aware of the increasing risk of obesity
I am pretty toned from exercise, how about you?\nNot really. I did a lot of strength training back in high school a couple years ago and other exercises.\nMy husband and I have a total gym, and love toning exercises
I can bake a mean cake. Have you ever baked?\nOh yeah, baking is a lot of fun since I love cooking food.\nWhat do you like to bake? I have made bread from scratch
So i have a little bakery with my wife 24 cupcakes, we bake from day to night, do you like to bake?\nI bake bread which is the most common item to bake, but that's it.\nOh thats cool, good old bread one of the oldes recipes, from Jesus christ times there was bread, so baking is really old! do you like baked sweets? cupcakes cakes? \nI love all of it! I also heard that sometimes people combine baking with grilling to create a hybrid barbecue effect. Strange but fascinating.\nI didnt know about this, well theres always ways to change the texture of the most common foods, sometimes when we do not have our hoven, we pan frye the bread, and taste simular to when you bake it!
I love pasta if I could eat it everyday I would the noodles and flour taste just gets me I'm a starchy kind of girl lol.\nI love mac and cheese. Any kinda carb really lol.\nHow about dumplings I love homemade dumplings with chicken, potatoes and fresh vegetables. \nI like them when they are cooked the right way. I don't like them dry. I wish I could make them. \nI totally agree some people like theirs fried I prefer mines in a creamy sauce boiling, simmering and steaming to get all the flavors lol.\nYes that's how I like them also. I've never had them fried.
I love all kinds of music, but classic rock & roll is definitely a go-to. Crazy that elements of it can be heard in blues records from the 1920s!\nI love rock as well! I think my favorite band is Motley Crue\nWhoohoo! That's going classic hair band ;-) You're in the company of LOTS of fans -- they've sold more than 100 million records worldwide!\nThat is awesome! I remember they had crazy hair back in the day.
Red is my favorite color, it's so powerful and aggressive I feel like.\nRed is a great color! Plant's don't grow too good under it but its at the end of the visible light spectrum!\nReally, do you know exactly what wavelength the color red occurs at?\nIt can vary but it's approximately 625-740 nanometers n width. It's very wide!\nOh wow that is a big range. Red has so many hues too, it's such an interesting color.\nYeah, it's cyan's complementary color too, which happens to be a favorite shade of blue of mine.\nThat's really neat, I think red has a large psychological component to it also, do you know anything about the psychology of colors?\nI know much about color theory, which runs along the same principles. As it happens, it was Leonardo da Vinci's notebooks that were found in 1490 that first sparked the controversy of the field.\nIt sounds like it has such a deep history to it then, can you tell me more about color theory?
I have brown hair. It is very common in human beings.\nSame here, brown hair is super common too.\nThat's what I said, haha. I wish I had red hair. I think it looks really cool.\nMy bad haha. I think so too, red hair is not nearly as common as brown or black hair but I wish it was.\nI think red hair is mostly present in northern climates. It is pretty rare where I live.\nI better move there then haha. Also brown hair can really vary in color for light to almost black.\nMine is on the lighter side. The sun makes it look almost blonde at times.\nMe too! My brown hair used to be blonde when I was younger.\nThat seems to happen a lot. I wonder what causes hair to change color like that.
My mother is a twin and I think it's pretty cool, having siblings that are produced at the same time !\nAwesome. That's rare!\nYes, she's a fraternal twin, so they developed from two different eggs. But, still pretty cool.\nDo twins run in the family?
My brother has just been diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome.\nSorry to hear that, its also known as  also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). Did he get it due to long term fatigue?\nI'm not sure.  I don't know much about it yet.
Hi, what is your opinion on obesity? I think it is certainly a problem and nobody respects people who try to live healthy I feel like
I really enjoy listening to jazz. How about you?\nI do love it. It is seen as America's Classical music and I find it beautiful.\nYes, I love going to a small bar and watching it live. \nMe too. I love the combination of swing and blues notes, as well as polyrhythms which are tough to pull off.\nWow, you know a lot about jazz! I'm impressed!\nA little bit yes. Ever since I started listening to cab calloway I have been trying to learn a lot.\nYou clearly enjoy it- good for you. I like it when they riff and go nuts! 
My sister is a baker. She bakes mostly cakes and pies and other pastries.\nA baker is someone who bakes \nYes, like my sister. Haha! What else do you know about baking?\nIt has to do with breads and other products made using an oven \nDefinitely. My sister can make some of the best pastries in the area!\nOk , that's good Since grains have been a staple \nI'm not sure what that means. But yes grain is important in certain areas of baking for sure.
Have you ever been to Niagra Falls? I want to go there, but I know it's very far. Those beautiful 3 waterfalls are right between New York and Ontario, thousands of miles from me!\nI never have but I would love to. It looks beautiful.\nYes, they do! They are different sized waterfalls, named Horseshoe, American and Bridal Veil Falls.\nI had no idea. I've never heard that before. Very cool.\nYes, and Horseshoe Falls in actually the most powerful waterfall in all of the US!\nI never new any details about it. I have just seen it in pictures and on TV and it looks very neat.
Good afternoon how are you today?\nI'm good. A soldier could be conscripted or a volunteer.\nThats true do you think America will ever do a mandatory draft again?
I used to have quite the problem with overeating, as I used to be pretty chubby myself. Have you had that issue?\nFortunately I've been able to avoid that problem. I know it can be a big issue during the holidays, as many people tend to overeat during those times.\nThat's true, since there are so many gigantic meals during that time and people don't care as much.
Hello!  Alien invasions are  interesting in science fiction movies.\nyes, they keep us entertained while watching fiction movies\nScience fictions movies have been entertaining audiences since the 1960's.\ni agree, they have been my favorite types of movies to watch\nSadly, Mystery Science Theatre 3000 was not a hit.\nwhat is Mystery Science Theatre 3000 about?
Red is my favorite color. I love wearing this color. Do you like the color red?\nI do like red! It is actually at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nWhat are all the colors of the visible spectrum?\nThe visible spectrum includes wavelengths from 390 and 700 nm. The primary colors are red, green, blue.\nWhat exactly are wavelengths and how do they work?\nWavelengths are what human eyes can percept. Values outside the wavelength are detectable by computers!\nWow! That is really cool. So, computers can detect values that the human eye can not see?
I love taking my wife to the bakery.  That's the place where a baker works.\nWhen did humans discover the art of baking?
Ferrari is my favorite car company. They are an Italian sports car maker\nYeah those are some really beautiful cars. I will never be able to afford one lol.
I really love the color red! It is so vibrant!\nYes it is, it's actually my favorite color! Different shades of red are super interesting when mixed. Crimson, for example, SUPER pretty.\nCrimson is an awesome color. I also like burgundy!\nBurgundy isn't bad, little too brownish for me but I respect it. Red is usually the color of pills that are stimulants.\nOh I had no idea. I did know that red cars are more popular so they tend to be higher priced!\nAbsolutely, red and other colors can be highly influential for people. I'm sure you've heard that thing about red cars being pulled over more often.\nYes! It is crazy how colors can be so influential!\nMakes sense. I mean, after all, it's literally in our blood. The hemoglobin in blood is what gives it its red color.\nInteresting fact! I had no idea!
I love pasta. It is a staple item usually known to be associated with Italian food. It dates back to 1154 in Sicily.\nPasta is my favorite food!!! I could eat it for every meal, but I like my absolute favorite dish is fettuccine alfredo! 
Not just because it has been cool since the late 1940s and early 1950s but I love rock and roll\nRock and roll seems so timeless, there is just so much to it!\nThat reminds me of that song, "I love Rock and Roll" by Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, now it will be stuck in my head lol.\nHaha, I forgot about that one,  I wonder how old that song is\nWanna know? I stay fact-ed up on the classics. It was first written by Alan Merrill (the Arrows) but theversion most of us all know (Blackhearts) 1982 all the way\nThat is so interesting, I never kmew it was a remake!
Jazz is considered "America's Classical Music"\nI don't know much about jazz, but I do like music.  Do you like any other types of music?\nThere are many forms of techno now, but Detroit was its origination.\nI'm afraid you've touched upon another genre of music I'm not very familiar with.  Do you know anything about classic rock?\nIn the US, classic rock is generally consider from the 1960s to the late 1980s\nWho (or which group) is considered the first classic rock star?\nAlice Cooper with his raspy voice is considered to be the "Godfather of Shock Rock"\nWhat were some of Alice Cooper's biggest hits?
I love pasta! It is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine,\nI also love pasta!  Angel Hair is my favorite!  How about you!
Hey there! Let talk about numbers,, mine is 7,how about your?\nWhy should we talk about numbers. My favorite number is 4\nYeah ,cos numbers is applies to various aspects of our lives ,like team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number,etc  \nI see. Do you know anything about roman numerals \nYeah! Numbers in this system are represented by combinations of letters .its a Latin alphabet\nI see. is there any other counting system other than Arabic and roman numerals. \nWe also have the Chinese numerals,a numbering system like that of the Roman and Arabic ones\nThat is good to know. When was the Chinese civilized
I like jazz. Do you?\nI'm actually not a fan of jazz, but many people are and it is hailed as one of America's original art forms.\nI see do you like rock music or heavy metal?\nI like rock a lot better even though it was influenced by jazz. It was also influenced by the "British Invasion" in 1964.\nThe British invaded a lot of places didnt they? because they were imperialists. \nHaha, yes they did. However the British invasion in the 1960s was due to counterculture in the United States.\nDo you know more about counterculture? Havent heard of that before.
I like jazz. Do you?\nI'm actually not a fan of jazz, but many people are and it is hailed as one of America's original art forms.\nI see do you like rock music or heavy metal?
Do you know anything about the car brand Ferrari?\nFerrari's are an expensive Italian sport car. They are awesome!!\nOh fancy, how long has the brand been around?\nEnzo Ferrari was the founder and he built his first car in 1940.\nInteresting, what else can you tell me about the brand in general?
One of my favorite colors is one of the primary colors, Red\nRed is my favorite!
Hey there.  What kind of baked foods do you like?\nI enjoy baking bread. It is the most common baked item.\nWhat type of bread do you bake?
My brother recently went on vacation and said he saw a manta ray when he was on a boat in the ocean.\nreally they  are large rays belonging to the genus "Manta\nI don't know much about them, but he did say they are large. Do you know if they sting?\nno but black manta  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books\nHmmm interesting. Do you know anything else about manta rays? What do they eat?\ni may not but The character first appeared in "Aquaman"\nThat's interesting I guess. I was hoping to learn more about manta rays, the actual creature.
I love to listen to jazz music.  It's very soothing.\nOh yes, especially since they have such a rich history in the African-American communities!\nI agree!  The talent of so many of the musicians is amazing!
I've always wanted to visit the Niagara Falls, especially the Horseshoe Falls, although the other two falls would be fun to see, too.\ni have never visited Niagara but it would be a neat place to go\nIt really would. The largest falls, the Horseshoe Falls are right on the border between the US and Canada.\nso the Horseshoe Fall is the most famous one?
I love cooking but I am a terrible baker! I need to bake an apple crumb cake, what do I do?
I love rap music.\nRap is popular worldwide especially in Europe. I dont know too many non UK rappers though.\nNeither do I, I prefer USA rap.\nI love 90s rap like Snoops first album. I dont listen to too many artists nowadays especially mainstream rappers.\nSnoop Dogg
good afternoon  i have purple hair, yes purple\nLove it!  I assume you dye your hair with hair color as opposed to brush in color that washes out?  \ni use dye, it lasts longer\nYeah, it would be a pain to put color in every day.  Sounds fun!  I love seeing colors like that in people's hair and I even love the gray styles that are so fashionable these days.  Me, I need to dye my gray hairs I'm getting and I'm too young to be getting them!\n:) i do like the gray style look but I like to have some color\nI hear ya.  I love the mermaid gray and green and purple combo too. or pink! Hair coloring can be done by a professional or at home...which do you prefer?\nwhen i want to really look good i use a hairstylist but just to change up once in awhile. i will do it myself
Do you like water sports? Their are several commonly played sports that involve water. \nI do. I am a certified scuba diver. I love swimming as well. Do you do scuba diving?\nThere* Oh, wow! I haven't been scuba diving. Do you wear a dry suit that normally protects the body?\nI used to dive in Turkey, Egypt so 5mm wet suit or 7mm half dry were enough. But in cold waters you definitely need a dry suit. I have completed my training but couldn't dive with a dry suit yet. It is so hard to dive with dry suit for me. Last time I tried it I went upside down in the water.  
if you want to know about superman from DC comics, I can help\nsure! i know a little about him but I would like to know more
I try to stay physically fit through proper nutrition and light to moderately vigorous exercise, do you do similar things?\nI need to! It' been a while but I was way into fitness. Now my fitness is fitness this donut in my mouth. What all do you do? Way interested. 
I like to taste Wine ,which is the tasting is the sensory examination\nThat is cool.I like to drink every once and a while but I prefer only a couple shots of whiskey. I don't drink beer\nproduction of alcoholic drinks is common and often reflects cultural and religious peculiarities as much as geographical and sociological conditions.\nYes most acceptable form of partying. Did you know that our ancestors made beer as early as 5000 bc?\nIts a big business.global alcoholic drink industry exceeded $1 trillion in 2014\nI did not know that. The unfourtunate effects of alcholism on our country is liver disease being unresponsible. Did you know marijuana is becoming the new social norm?
Snoop Doggy Dog is one of my favorite dudes.\nCalvin Cordozar Broadus is known as snoop dog and is a rapper\nThat's his real name? I've never even heard it before.\nyea Calvin Cordozar Broadus isnt as catchy as snoop dog\nYeah it sounds way too long to be catchy.\nsnoop dog is very famous as a singer actor and rapper\nOh I know, he is insanely famous at this point.
Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con?\nNo, but I know that San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment \nI've never been either but it looks like a lot of fun!\nOh yes, it was even founded as the Golden state comic book convention\nYeah that makes sense. I think it's evolved into gaming and TV shows too.
I drive a Ferrari. They're pretty nice, you ever drive one?\nPssh...Bro I have two of those Italian sports car's. \nReally? Man, I've jealous. I had to save up for years to buy mine. What model do you have?\nI have two 250 GTO's a 1962 and a 2008. I was looking at a 2018 but you know it's time I get something faster. \nHello yeah. Always looking for bigger and better. I am eyeing the newer 2018 models as well. Do you know how old the company is?
I plan on going to San Diego Comic-Con next year.\nVery cool!  Comic Con is an entertainment and comic convention held every year in San Diego, Ca.\nDo you know how long the event lasts?
I love shopping at Target, its so much better than Walmart even if its a little more expensive.
I love baking! Are you a fan?
I don't like the color red that much what about you?\nEh, it's not my favorite but at least it's not yellow. Red is a primary color in the RGB model\nOh really?, could you tell me some more interesting facts about the color red?
Do you enjoy a good wine tasting. I find I meet the most interesting people at them.\nOh that is the sensory evaluation of wine, I enjoy it a bit\nMy local Vineyard had a pairing last weekend with cupcakes. O' my it was awesome.\nYou know the practice of wine tasting is as old as the practice of wine making\nI'd imagine you have to taste it when you make it.\nAround 14th century a more formalized method became established\nWhich country formalized it? 
I have brown hair, quite common I guess.\nYeah it is, it is the second most common, after black, which I have.\nAnd what is the least common hair color?\nI would say it is red hair since only 1-2% of the population has it. It's a shame because it is very pretty.\nYes It is.  I guess that is why some people dye their hair red.   Do you know what makes hair a specific color?\nIt has to do with pigment. So high levels of eumelanin makes the hair dark while lower levels of pheomelanin make the hair lighter.\nInteresting.  And any idea what makes some hair curly?
Hey, how do you feel about weird hair? I've done some hair coloring, or hair dying, and I have changed to purple hair. \nI think hair coloring is cool. My youngest daughter has had pink hair.\nThat's pretty awesome. More people are doing it. In the US, at home coloring reached $1.9 billion in 2011. That's a lot of dye. \nI agree! That is a whole lot of dye! lol So how do you like your purple hair?
7 is my favourite lucky number!
i have brown hair\nMe too. Its the second most common human hair colour.\nWhat is responsible for human hair coloring and brown hair in particular \nIts the higher level of a dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nHmm That is amazing to hear. What type of hair color do you have yourself?
I love jazz. I listen to it whilst working and studying.\nMany people see Jazz music as "Americas classical music."\nI can see why, so many popular Jazz musicians are from old US.\nWell it has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 1920s\nDo you know any jazz bands that you could recommend?\nI cannot think of any, but there are many distinctive jazz styles all over and from different cultures.\nOk is there any fun fact you know about jazz?\nIts roots are in West African culture.\nreally, I had no idea! I thought it was an American creation!
I wish i can learn baking, it is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nOh well, I wouldn't mind eating a well baked sugar muffin with my latte this morning\nreally, for i prefer a good baked bread for breakfast, bread is the most common baked item\nYes :) when did humans start to bake?
My friend was just diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but I don't know much about it.
I'm a huge fan of Jazz! It's an awesome music genre with cool African-American roots which is what I love about it!\nJazz is fantastic, although it seems to have fallen from popularity since the 50's, where rock and roll took over.
My friend has been sending me pictures of all the baked goods she has made recently. She must be so talented to be a baker!\nDoes she bake breads?  I love breads baked with beer froth (discovered by the Gauls) because is controlled yeast in the dough.\nYes, but I don't think she has ever used beer froth before! Can you tell me more?
Hey there!! How are ya?\nHey there! i'm very good! What do you know about the manta ray?\nNot much really but it was the only thing to choose from.\nWell it seems there are two different main types. One of them is very large and the other decently small.\nOkay so you know some about them. Great!! Have you ever seen one in the ocean before?
It's time for me to stop being such a wuss. I need to build up my tolerance to spice. I want to use some chili peppers in food. Teach me about them\nMaybe you should learn some Mexican food recipes! Chili peppers actually originated in Mexico. \nAh.. makes sense. Mexican food is spicy too. What else can you tell me?\nThe substance that gives these peppers their spiciness when eaten is called capsaicin. \nI think I've heard that word dropped around here and there on food shows. Interesting. Can you tell me any popular chili pepper recipes, or what foods they're put in?
Hey! I love listening to music, specifically rap. One of my favorite rappers is Snoop Dogg. 
Are you aware of the increasing risk of obesity\nYes, obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases like cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.\nYes it is horible and the SAD( standard american diet) is a huge contribitor\nIt also crazy how its only in developed countries. \nI agree I think it could be the level of comfort and lack of physical labor?\nI think it has to do with food and lack of physical exercise.\nI agree, People need to eat healthier and have a more active lifestyle
I like to color my hair to cover gray, do you color your hair?\nDon't tell anyone, but yes, I do!  LOL  I usually get it done professionally by a hairdresser\nOh that is good I have made a few mistakes doing my own lol\nMe too!  I always made such a mess!  Interestingly, there were  $1.9 billion in sales of at home coloring in the U.S. 2011!\nI believe it hair coloring is expensive, especially the Loreal brand\nIt sure is!  I'd rather get it done at the hair dresser whenever I want to change to a color regarded as more fashionable \nI live in a rural area and there are not that many experienced colorists so I do my own
I dont like alchohol. I have never drank it!\nThat means you may not have experienced Sobriety  before which is a form of  not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nI see, is it the same as a sobriety test done by law enforcement? \nOf course yes they need to know if the person is sober or  in a state of sobriety\nYes that makes sense. What else do you know about sobriety? 
Hi, Have you ever colored your hair? \nI've been coloring my hair for years, and I'm not the only one. Americans spend about 2 billion dollars on hair dye.\nWow, that's a lot of money for hair color. Do you do it yourself or at a salon?\nThat's er year! I do it at home. I have to do it every few weeks to cover those grays\nMy mom was a hair dresser. I learned there are so many different ways to color. Highlights, Frosting tips, bleaching and more.
Jazz music is so fun to listen to!\nI enjoy Jazz also. Jazz is pretty much America's classical music.\nYeah, it's so creative and is the result of blended cultures\nI love the polyrhythms and improvisation. Also the swing and blues influences.\nThere's so much diversity in jazz, it's great!
I love doing exercise\nyes you are physically fit,  it  is a state of health and well-being\nIts makes me to be active mentally\nIt is also the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.\nIts helps mt focus on my dream\nOne can get it through through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.\nYes,due to the fact that my brain is actve,it reduces pressure
Wine tasting always seemed so pretentious to me.\nI enjoy the evaluation wine.\nI still like drinking wine more than other alcohol tho
Hello\nHello, cool fact  Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up comedy.\nMy name is Maria.\nmy name is john, have you heard of Carolines on Broadway?   Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up comedy\nNo, but can you let me know what it is?
Right now I have bright purple hair!
I have brown hair and i love other people with brown hair\nI have brown hair as well! it's the second most common hair color, after black hair \nwhere is it most common?
I love pasta! It is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine,\nI also love pasta!  Angel Hair is my favorite!  How about you!\nI like Angel hair too! I learned in school that their are two kinds of pasta dried ("pasta secca") and fresh ("pasta fresca").\nWhat is the difference between the two?\nOne is dried the other is fresh. Most dried pasta is commercially produced via an extrusion process today/\nWhat is an extrusion process?  I am unfamiliar with that term?\nIt means that a machine is used to make it. I perfer fresh pasta since Fresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand\nI prefer fresh as well.  I suppose fresh would be used at fancy eateries, right?
I really like to bake but seem to burn everything lately. Do you ejoy baking?\nIve been getting really good at baking. I have even baked things using hot stones and hot ashes, but that is not the most common method. Normally I just bake in the oven.\nI've heard of those methods that's awesome! So you must know a great deal about baking.\nId like to think so. For beginners the most common item to bake is bread. Then you can branch out and bake other various food items. I would start with that.\nIs that what you started with? I remember being little and my grandmother would give me a small chunk of dough to play with.\nThat must be a good memory. I wouldnt call myself a baker though since I am no professional. I do enjoy doing it in my spare time. It also makes my friends happy.\nI'd say anyone that bakes and is good at it should be allowed to call themselves a baker. What else do you know about baking?
i have a very tone body. I love physical fitness to improve my well being and health. \nThat is good the better shape you stay in the better you will feel as you age\nYes I agree. I achieve it through proper nutrition and exercise as well as good rest is important.\nSounds like you really know what you are doing\nI know a little. Before the industrial revolution people thought of fitness as your ability to do your daily activities without getting tired. \nReally? At my age fitness is being able to exercise without getting hurt lol I like to swim its low impact
let me tell you something... childcare is so expensive!!\nIt is but quality care at a young age is so important\ni agree and that's why i'm a stay at home mom. I used to work at a daycare and there is so much negligence! \nYes, child care providers are actually the first teachers a child has\nunless you home school :) then you are the first teacher
I do not have much energy. I am having a  long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limits my ability to carry out ordinary daily activities.\nOh god buddy, i  think you are depressed
Niagara Falls seems like a nice place to visit\nYes! I have been. It is on the international border between Canada and the United States. Do you like waterfalls?\nI do and they are really pretty\nYes! Well Niagara has more than six million cubic feet of water that crests the fall every minute!\nI think I am going to take a trip to see it\nYes you should! It actually includes three waterfalls. The biggest is the Horseshoe Falls!\nWhere is that one located?
Ive been cooking pasta dishes all my life and some call me the pasta expert, Would you like to learn the way of cooking pasta? \nYes, please tell me more about the art of cooking pasta.
I love science fiction movies about extraterrestrial and alien invasion\nThey certainly seem interesting though I don't watch them often, do you have a favorite science fiction movie in particular?
I have brown hair - the most common color other than black\nI think my is black but it might just be really dark brown\nEumelain is what causes dark hair - the more of it there is the darker the hair\nOh really? I guess I must have a lot of it then.\nHair coloring is very popular now.  75% of women in Copenhagen have used hair dye\nDang thats quite excessive, not really necessary.\nEven 18% of men have colored their hair!\nHaha im assumming it might be the gray haired people
One of my favorite foods is pasta.  300 different forms, easy to make and hard to master.  What about you?\nI love pasta, too. My favorite is lasagna.
I love art! Art Media is the material used by an artist,\noh yea? is that used to paint?
Hello, my favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?\n Red in strawberries comes from something called anthocyanins. By the way my favorite color is green.\nI had no idea that's where strawberries came from, that's cool. The color green isn't acknowledged by some cultures, they consider it a shade of blue\nApparently some have used the word "grue" to describe this shade. It just reminds me of the guy from Despicable Me haha.\nLol that's actually a cute term for green, I love the despicable me movies. They made me want to become an evil genius but that takes a lot of effort
Lets talk about red, Super stylish, and bulls love the color.\nAlright, I  like the color red because it is the dominant wavelength and has a wavelength of approximately 625740 nanometres. Is red your favorite color too? \nNo I don't have favorites just my flavor of the week. You know how it is.\nRight, Have you ever looked at mars? the insane amount of Iron oxide on it gives the red color to the planet, A lot of people thing its sand lol. \nHaha wow, only uneducated people would think it is sand.\nA lot of others think that mars is the 6th planet from the Sun lol, It being the second-smallest planet in the Solar System you would think they would remember that. \nYeah I mean the earth is 3rd so not sure how you would think we could go to mars and its the 6th\nIKR its so weird to me how some people can be so uneducated, and dont get me started on flat earthers, on boy...\nKyrie Irvin's I call them, they are special people. 
I'm thinking about coloring my hair soon, any tips?\nFor sure. Are you just ready for a change? The main reason people dye is for cosmetic reasons.\nYeah, just want a change from the norm. What highlight colors would go good with dark brown hair?\nI think blond would look pretty good.\nI'll have to give that a try! I wonder how long people have been dying their hair for.
Hi, I like jazz music. Do you like jazz music?\nYes, i like it because Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States\nYes, it came from both blues and ragtime.\nAnd because of that, jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.\nYes, who is your favorite jazz singer?\nThat would be Sarah Lois Vaughan.She had one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century."\nNice. I do enjoy the voice of Nat King Cole.
I work at Target, the discount store.\nOh I go there all the time! It's a lot better than most stores honestly.\nYes, the store was founded by George Dayton.\nWho is he exactly? I've never heard of him.\nI do not know much more but the headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.\nIs that where the first store was too?\nNo. The first store opened in Roseville,Minnesota.\nOh well it was still in Minnesota at least!
I wish I owned a Ferrari, it would be so neat to drive around in that Italian sports car besed in Maranello\nYes! I have never owned a Ferrari, they are expensive! I would love a red one though.\nThey were rated the most powerful brand by Brand Finance in 2014 it would be awesome to drive such a powerful car\nWow! Yes I usually associate the brand with powerful people. I wonder how many car models the Ferrari brand has.\nI am not sure, but I do know that the 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car ever! too bad I couldn't afford it lol.\nWow! Yes I bet the 1962 model was expensive then and even more now! I bet it had a high horsepower.
I like the color red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light. \nYes red is a nice color! Red is one of the colors in RGB color model!\nWhoa! Interesting! I've heard that it has a wavelength of approximately 625-740 nanometers.\nNeat! It is interesting how the sky turns partly red at sunset.\nI've heard it has something to do with some sort of Rayleigh scattering. I wonder what causes the red color of the Grand Canyon. \nWow! I don't know, but the Grand Canyon is magnificent! Red is also a great color for clothing. I like red ties.
Do you like the number 7? I know it's obvious to say, but it's the number following 6, and coming before the number 8.\nWell liking or not liking numbers I really have not thought about
My father was a soldier, did you ever join the army?\nYes, I voluntarily enlisted.\nThank You for your services, what is it like being enlisted.\nIt was great, I was what you would call an infantryman in the ranks.\nWhat kind of work did you do as a infantry?\nI used to engage in military combat on foot.\nDid you ever get deployed?
Do you follow San-Diego Comic Con?\nI know that it is held annually in the United States in California. My boyfriend is into the comic-con stuff.\nOh cool, I usually follow it every year to see the movie trailers and stuff that come out of it.
My favorite color in the whole world is red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nIt red a primary or a secondary color?\nIt is a primary color in the RGB color model, and it's also in the CMYK color model. It complements cyan. \nDo you know what the color is known to represent?
I love italian food especially Pasta which first was served in Sicily in 1154\nItalian food is delicious, what was the first pasta served?\nThere are over 310 diffeernt types of pasta known by over 1300 names, so its hard to know what was the first served\nOh wow that is a lot there.  What is the most popular type in Italy?\nCavatelli is known by 28 different names in Italy\nThat is a lot of names for one pasta, what shape is cavatelli? 
I have quite a lot of energy, but I know some people just aren't as lucky. Is their a medical condition for being constantly tired?\nI think it's called Chronic Fatigue Syndrom, or CFS.  I don't know a lot about it, but it makes people tired for long-term amounts of time.\nThat must be awful. I wonder what causes it. Depression perhaps?
I don't know anything about  gouda cheese, can you enlighten me more about this?\nSure i can, Gouda cheese comes from the Netherlands its a mild yellow cheese made from the cow's milk\nwow that is so cool so is this made from a particular breed of cow?\nNot much information on that but it is one of the most popular cheese's world wide. \nok what else can you tell me about this?
I really enjoy listening to jazz. How about you?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, \nDo I need to do a lot of strenuous exercise to be physically fit?\nPhysical fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise coupled with sufficient rest\nI like to walk my dog and bowl. Will that make me fit?\nAre you describing the Puppy Bowl is an annual television program on Animal Planet that mimics an American football bowl ?\nThat was funny. But no, I am talking about walking my do 20 minutes a day.\nWell ,that's more like a dog walker..Lol! Thats part of fun exercised\nMaybe I can walk my doggie twice a day.  Would that be a better way to get fit?
Seven is my all time favorite number, it comes in between 6 and 8.\nI hear it's a pretty lucky number too! Is that true?\nI am not sure. I find it interesting that the Hindus used to write the number and it looked like an uppercase J.\nWhat other interesting facts about seven do you have? I'm quite curious.\nThe Ghubar Arabs' made the longer line diagonal over stragiht.\nThat's pretty neat. Do you know the roman numeral for 7? 
I love the color red! It has actually been one of the first colors around, even since prehistoric art.\nI love red too! Do you know what it says about ones personality? \nI've heard a mixture of opinions, but what does it say? I definitely know it's a primary color in the RGB model lol.\nI'm not sure. I was hoping it said strong people love red!\nWell, it probably does! Since the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans used it in ceremonies and Roman generals used it to praise a victory, those were strong people!\nThat's interesting, how do they know it was used all those years ago?
Hello, Whats you're favorite type of pasta?\nI love most pastas, but spaghetti is my favorite. Pasta is a staple in Italian food, so I ate it a lot growing up.\nI like the more hearty cuts like  linguini or rigatoni or bucatini \nI like linguini too. Pasta is fairly easy to make, usually just using flour and eggs or water.\nI've never really made it fresh but, i should probably give that a try.   I really like to cook.  I can make a pretty mean carbonara
Last summer me and my husband visited Niagara Falls when we went to Canada.\nWow that's interesting!  Is it cold there?\nNo it actually wasn't we went in June it was more so windy and very wet the waterfall was very powerful the raincoats didn't really help.\nNice. Do you know how many gallons of water flow off of it?
I like to bake, I have made my own dough at home before and it is fun.\nI learned in class that  a baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads and other products\nCool, can you tell me about the history of baking?\nWell the space a baker works in is called a bakery naturally.\nWhat other things can you bake besides break?\nWell we have been eating grain forever. So the activity of baking is a very old one\nThat's fascinating. Do you know how long ago humans started baking?\nIm not sure but by the fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed oven\nDo you know if any other ancient civilizations knew how to bake?
Do you like Snoop Dogg the American rapper?\nYeah, he's pretty awesome! I seen him in concert one. How about you?\nNo but I have been listening to him since 1993 when he was discovered by Dr Dre\nI haven't listen to Dr Dre much. Do you have a favorite song?\nI love the album "The Chronic". I like every song.\nCool, I never heard that one. Do you know how old snoop dog is?\nHe was born in 1971. So 46 years old.\nCool. I didn't realize he was that old. Do you know if he makes his own clothes and shoes? I think he might.
I've been looking into different hair colorings to mask my grey, but I'm worried about if they're dangerous. Help!\nI dont think its dangerous, hair dyeing with enough practice is good if done on other people to change their hair color.rather than yours. \nMight be a little hard to get volunteers for me practicing hair coloring. Seen any teenage scene girls lately? They might be willing, lol.\nWell you can always have it done by a professionally hairdresser or at home by someone else who has done it before. \nProfessional hairdresser might be the best idea. Should I go with a conventional hair color, or something wild and fun?\nSomething fun sounds great, you want to look your best for the guys. just use one bottle and dont over do it or you will ruin the color! \nUse three bottles to make sure it sticks, got it. I could always bleach it, right? That could be exciting!
A lot of people see clowns as physically comedic, but I've always found them physically intimidating.\nSame here i actually find them to be very scary in my opinion \nI think since a lot of cultures have their own styles and variations in costumes when it comes to clowns, some may be creepier than others.\nYeah thats very true.  Is there anything else you can tell me about clowns?\nThe way they entertain is usually from a distance by design, which is especially suited for large audiences.  The farther away the better.\nThanks for the information i had no idea.  Maybe one day i will go see a clown show and face my fears. 
I love to work out. How about you?\nI know how good it is, but I can't get a good routine down.
Seven is my all time favorite number, it comes in between 6 and 8.\nI hear it's a pretty lucky number too! Is that true?
I am always torn before white and red sauce pastas\nThe Italians always have been known for diversity in their cuisine so you have lots of sauces to choose from.\nThat is true. That can also be seen in the wide array of pasta types. What is your preference on that?\nI need to avoid gluten so I choose pastas made from rice flour.\nHmm, I've never had rice flour pasta. Is it healthier (calories/carbs/etc) than normal pasta? \nNo, I believe they are similar in that regard. I just have to avoid the gluten found in grains like wheat.\nOh ok, that makes sense. Well there is always the vegetable option. For example, Noodles & Company now offers a Zucchini noodle option for their entries. It's fantastic!
I consider myself to be rather high-brow since I enjoy tasting expensive wines.\nI like tasting wine too, but it doesn't have to be expensive. I just think the sensory examination of any wine is cool.  \nI agree, but wasting money on expensive ones makes me feel better about myself.\nWell, maybe you should start referring to yourself as a sommelier! They are professional wine tasters. \nPerhaps I should. I usually avoid labelling myself but in this case it might be appropriate! \nSommeliers usually work in fine restaurants and specialize in all aspects of wine and how wines match with foods. \nWell it might be time to look for a new job then. Sommeliers get to taste wine and food! 
One of my favorite stores to go to is Target. Mainly because they seem to have the best mix of quality and price.\nMe too! Target was founded in Minnesota which is where I'm from. Everyone around here loves Target. \nOh cool, how long has Target been around then?\nTarget was founded in the 60s in one of the suburbs of Minneapolis by the Dayton coorporation. Mark Dayton (of the same family) is now our governer!\nDamn that's longer than I expected! How did he go from founding Target to being the governor? \nHe didn't personally found it, but his family are Minnesota business tycoons and he is now one of the wealthiest people in out state. His family's wealth helped his political career.\nAhh okay that makes more sense. Must be a pretty powerful family with being that rich and holding positions in state government!\nYes they certainly are powerful! However he actually has a pretty good approval rating as far as I know, he also has helped our state budget stay in surplus though his policies. \nThat's impressive, good thing he isn't just in that position because his family is powerful.
My favorite color is red.\nmy favorite color is pink! what can you tellme about red
Isn't it crazy that fitness used to refer to your ability to not get tired while doing normal activities?\nWow! I had no idea. Do you know when the current day meaning of fitness originated?\nI think that it was in the 1950's, after World War II.\nNeat! There has been a huge increase in fitness program popularity in the pst couple decades.\nYes there has.  Likely due to the correlation of fitness with attractiveness.\nYes! That correlation has been around my entire life. It seems like a natural happening.
Hi, the color red, which is at the end of the visible spectrum of light, is my favorite color. \nI like red too. What other colors do you enjoy?\nI also like purple, which is a color intermediate between blue and red. it reminds me of the sunset.\nThat's beautiful. What color is at the beginning  of the spectrum?
People are considered obese when their Body Mass Index is not in proportion to their weight and height\nI hear the BMI index isn't very accurate for athletes. Is this true?
Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat, mainly for things like pastries\nI do like baking, though mainly baking cookies. Because I'm not really good at it. Would you happen to have any tips on how to become better at it?\nThe most common baked item is bread across the world\nWhat ingredients would I need if I wanted to make one? And how long does it normally take?\nyou can make it wwith like flour eggs and water kneaded into dough\nWhat if I wanted to add a little extra to it? You know, that special something. What would be the best ingredient for that? Raisins?
Red is next to orange and opposite of violet in the spectrum of light! \nOh really? I never knew that! Red is one of my favorite colors! What colors do you like?\nI really like pink- which a very pale red! \nPink is very nice too! There are so many beautiful shades of red! 
hello how are you?\nhey, im great!  I was just thinking and reading about my hair color which is brown and saw that it is the second most common hair color after black hair\ni have brown hair too. i think it is underrated\nIt can vary in shades of very light to almost black.  Mine is a lighter brown.  what is yours?\nmine is medium but i sometimes will color it a few shades darker\nbrown hair people tend to have thicker hair than those of fair hair but not as thick as red heads.  I sometimes will color mine a shade of red.  \nthat is interesting, i wonder if men or women more commonly have darker hair
I work at the local Target store. It's pretty easy.\nOh I love Target! It's the second largest discount retailer in the US. \nThat's big. I guess Walmart is probably the largest. You seem knowledgeable, what else can you tell me about Target?
Have you ever rode a motorcycle? Harley-Davidson, Inc. (H-D), or Harley, is an American motorcycle manufacturer, founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903; which is a popular brand\nI've ridden with another person but never by myself. 
Target was founded in 1962 in Roseville, Minesota and was renamed in 1967.\nOh really? Who was the founder?\nIt was founded by George Dayton, their headquarters are in Minneapolis Minnesota.\nInteresting, have you ever shopped at a Target?\nWell Target is the second largest retailer so it would be hard to avoid, it's behind Walmart. I've shopped at both.\nVery true, which do you prefer, Walmart or Target?
Ive always liked the lucky number 7.
Snoop real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHey Snoop, nice to meet you. I'm Jazzzzy. Real name Jasmine.\nAhhh I am not Snoop... lol I am talking about Snoop Dogg!  He is a music artist and performer that came out in 1992 with Dr. Dre on DEEP COVER and THE CHRONIC \nAhhhh! lol, my bad. Didn't get the 411 on the convo. So wasn't sure what wuz up. Yeah, Snoop Dogg's interesting. Been around a while. I saw him in one of the Pitch Perfect movies.
his music began in 1992 when i started to listen to him, have you heard his music ?\nNo, I haven't what is his best song?\ni like his debut album style, have you got a favourite artist ?\nYes, Tina Turner is my favorite singer\nnice have you heard all her music ?\nMany of her albums, I am sure there are some things I've missed.
Niagara Falls are beautiful this time of year. Have you ever been?\nI have not! My parents have been several times. They enjoy going to the city of Niagra Falls in Ontario, Canada!\nWonderful. Many couples get engaged while visiting the Niagara Falls. It is such a romantic spot!\nThat would make sense, as the smallest of the 3 falls is called Bridal Veil Falls!\nWow, I did not know that was an actual name. I wonder how many proposals have happened there!
Snoop Doggy Dog is one of my favorite dudes.\nCalvin Cordozar Broadus is known as snoop dog and is a rapper\nThat's his real name? I've never even heard it before.
I love rap music
Have you ever been to niagara falls? It is quite the sight!\nI have not. I really would like to go. I know it is in New York which is another place I havent been to but would love to visit.\nYeah, I do not live too far away luckily, so I have been a couple of times\nI remember when I was younger watching TRL and their number one music spot in NYC.  Did you ever get to go visit there?\nWho is TRL? I have been to NYC several times, Times Square is amazing\nTRL used to be a show on MTV that actually showed music videos and did countdowns to the number 1 of the day.\nOh okay, that may have been before my time. But yeah, NYC is definitely worth the visit!
I work at a daycare the ages we take care of is from 6 weeks and up\nWhat do you enjoy most about this age group?
hello,  i have brown hair\nBrown hair is awesome!  Interestingly, the strands of brown hair are thicker than those of fair colored hair.\ni never knew that , i figured it all hair is the same except the color of it\nNot so!  But brown hair is the second most common human hair color though.\nlet me guess, black is the most common 
bakers love to make breads and other stuff using an oven \nYes they do. Are you a baker ? Do you like baking ?\nyes I am, i work in a bakery\nThat sounds like an interesting job. I myself love going to the bakery. My favorite bakery item is strawberry shortcake\nIn Rome, big households had their own bakers\nThat is so cool. i am imagining all of the wonderful, delicious, homemade baked good i would ask for,  if i had my  very own baker
My favorite car is the Italian sport car manufactured in Maranello ... the Ferrari!  What about you?  Do you like the Ferrari?\nI like Ferraris, but I tend to enjoy Japanese cars more! What do you like about the Ferrari?\nIt's speed and sleek design!  Even its history is great.  In 1962, the Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history.  And in 2014, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand!  So, those are just a few reasons, I have many more.  Do you know much about the Ferrari?\nI know a little, because I love cars, but you clearly know a lot more than me! What's your favorite model?\nI'm more of a classic car guy.  So I like the 1962 model.  Interestingly, the Ferrari 20 GT SWB Breadvan was built to compete against the GTO at the 24 Hours of Le Mans Sportscar Championship races.  So, two Ferraris were competing in the '62 races!  \nYou sound like you know a lot about this stuff. Do you like other Italian cars too, or just the Ferrari?\nI would just say that Ferrari is my favorite.  That Ferrari 250 was built by Ferrari from 1953 to 1964.  Eventually, it was replaced by the 275, then the 330.  \nI see. Does the Ferrari team have a good history in the Le Mans competitions?
What does wine tasting imply?
I am really excited for our Niagara Falls trip, have you ever visited there before? I hear it is actually three combined waterfalls. \nI have not been! That's a lot of water!\nCan you believe the city near Niagara Falls was occupied by Native Americans? \nI did not know that. Are there any Native Americans still there?
Hello, what do you know about Ferraris?\nI know they're italian sportscars. They exist as a symbol of opression and consumer oppulance. People with horrible values seem to desire them.\nHorrible values, it seems you are using stereotypes to determine that. I personally don't think i could fit inside of a ferrari, they are so little.
Do you like Jazz Music. I'm getting into it as I get older. \nI like it a lot since it's really relaxing to listen to. You can definitely tell that it came from the African-American communities in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in America.\nYes, I listen to it at night while I cook dinner. It helps me wind down from a stressful day. \nThat sounds really nice! It makes sense that I like it since I like the blues and ragtime and they're all very similar.\nWhat's ragtime? I've not herd of it.\nIt's music that is characterized by it's "ragged" rhythm. Jazz though is known as "America's classical music", which is really cool to me.\nWow, I'll have to check it out. But tonight is a classic Jazz night.
Do you prefer baking on hot stones?\nI have not tried it, but I do use a pizza stone. 
I love harley davidson's, so much so i attend their owners clubs. How about you?\nI haven't but there is an owner's club in Toronto it looks like, close by. What do you do at the club? \nmainly chat about the bikes, like the shovelhead engine because it looked like coal be shoveled into the engine when turned upside down lol\nHow often do you guys ride? Looks like you have specific rules about riding in a particular formation and a captain for the front and back\ni believe you're right, theres an entire section in the harley davidson museum which goes over those rules. haha. I try to get out as often as i can, work tends to scupper that though\nI know, work has been holding me back from joining too. Looks like it's the 115th anniversary for Harley in September which is cool. Will you guys celebrate?
i have brown hair
Do you dye your hair?\nI have never colored my hair, i do not want to change my hair color\nI dye it a medium brown because I'm starting to get white hairs. I hate them!\ndo you dye your hair independently or get it done profesiionally?\nI do it myself. It's too expensive for me to do it a salon. I'm actually do for another dye job soon because my white hairs are starting to show again. 
Red color is my favourite and bright color also\nI like red but is not my favorite \nIt is next to orange and opposite to violet. End of the specturm of light\nThat is true
I love rap music. I just started listening to Snoop Dogg.\nNot really a fan of Snoop Dogg,  but I know little about him\nWhat's his real name?
I just love pasta but I cant eat it right now\nReally? Why not? I love it! It's a staple food in Italy. If was first discussed in literature in 1115 in Sicily. \nit has too many carbs for a low cal diet, I think Italy where it was first eaten right?\nYes! Maybe you can enjoy an alternative type like pastas made from rice flour? It's pretty good and has more protein. \nno rice or rice flour either, coconut flour or almond flour only. I wonder how many pasta dishes there are, probably too many variations to count I suppose\nThere's a lot definitely! It depends on the region where its made, with different shapes and types being popular to a specific region.\noh really I like all the shapes and types
Obesity is such a big issue, especially with the whole body positivity movement. It is a medical condition that involves having a large excess of body fat.\nOh yes, I can see it every day. Part of it is out of laziness, and part is due to the sedentary lifestyle most of us have, I think\nSome people seem to think it is hard to lose weight but it really isn't. People are considered obese when their BMI is over a certain limit.\nBMI is such a terrible tool. It doesn't take into account muscle or other factors. :(
I love Wine tasting \nWhich type of wine do you use?\nAny wine of your choice can be used.  is the sensory examination and evaluation of wine.\nWhat type do you prefer the most?
I like Target. It's the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States\nYes, I like shopping there too. They have some different items than other similar stores.
I consider myself to be rather high-brow since I enjoy tasting expensive wines.\nI like tasting wine too, but it doesn't have to be expensive. I just think the sensory examination of any wine is cool.  \nI agree, but wasting money on expensive ones makes me feel better about myself.\nWell, maybe you should start referring to yourself as a sommelier! They are professional wine tasters. \nPerhaps I should. I usually avoid labelling myself but in this case it might be appropriate! 
One time I died my hair blonde because I was tired of being a brunette. Have you ever changed your hair color?\nYes i have i like to died  my hair brown sometimes and maybe a little blond\nDid you do it yourself, or have it professionally done? \nI had it done by a professional, one time i tried it myself and it looked horrible\nYeah, I don't think I would trust myself doing it at home. I know many people at work who dye their hair wanting to hide grey hairs. \nWhat exactly do professional hair stylist do other than to died hair
Hi, I work as a clown at a local circus.\nThat sounds like a fun job! Do you perform slapstick type physical comedy or mime style?\nYea it is! I mostly do slapstick type because the kids like it more.
Do you prefer baking on hot stones?\nI have not tried it, but I do use a pizza stone. \nOh! Do you heat the stone first or put the food on cold?\nI typically keep the stone in the oven while it preheats, then remove it and place the pizza on the heated stone. \nWhat do you top your poizza with generally, what addional meats, vegetables, cheese, and condiments?\nI prefer very little sauce, mozzarella with a dusting of parmesan, with pork or italian sausage. If my stomach feels up to the task, I add some diced green peppers & some onions.  
My favorite superhero is superman, a classic superhero in DC comic books.\nI am not familiar with DC COMIC BOOKS! What is that?
Do you know anything about dairy farming?\nI know a lot actually, dairy farming class of agriculture for long-term production of milk.\nThat sounds interesting! I always wondered how butter was made and why humans drink another animals milk!\nYeah its kinda odd if you really think about it. and other species that commercially make milk are goats, sheep and camels.\nOh yeah I forgot about all those, I suppose they would be present on a dairy farm as well! Ive used lotion made from goat milk! and goat cheese is gross tasting
I have chronic fatigue syndrome. It really limits my daily activities.  \nsorry to hear that. What are the symptoms?\nMostly it's long-term fatigue that rest does not help. No one knows the cause.\nIs this something that can be treated?\nThere are no medications or procedures approved in the United States unfortunately.  \nOhh that's unfortunate. So what can you do?\nCognitive behavioral therapy helps me a little.  \nDoes it affect your ability to drive a car?
Pasta is one of the staple foods of Italy. Originally created in 1154 in Sicily.\nWhat is pasta made of?\nPasta is typically made from unleaved dough of a darum wheat flour mixed with water or eggs.\nSo who created it then,do you know?\nIt was developed through centuries but it changed significantly with the discovery of the new world.\nOk ,so what recipes do i need for making pasta?\nFresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand or with the aid of a pasta maker. But nowdadys you can just buy it at your supermarket\nSo then how do i make it then, do i bake,fry,grill ,roast or boil it ,just willing to learn?\nYou can bake it or boil it. If boiling be sure to add some salt to the water. Its best when its slightly undercooked, or al dente.\nOk , so what country has the highest consumption rate of pasta?
I think jazz music is awesome!  Many see jazz as being America's classical music!\nI love Jazz! Who's your favorite artist?
Hi, I really enjoy baking. My favorite things to bake are cookies, brownies and cake. How about you?
Pasta is a staple of traditional italian cuisine, it dates back to 1154. Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta and I love Italian food. That's a long time ago! They needed their dinner back then to though.\nYeah in italy, the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary with the locale.\nReally? I didn't know that. Which town is your favorite in Italy?\nFlorence is a beautiful city, I went ther two summers ago. For example though back to the point, cavatelli is known by 26 different names depending on the region.\nWhich region of Italy is Cavatelli in? I've heard of Florence and their beautiful sculptures. 
I love the color red! It has actually been one of the first colors around, even since prehistoric art.\nI love red too! Do you know what it says about ones personality? 
I love ferrari's I have riven quite  a few before. I like the red one espicially.\nI have never been in one, but they are nice. The Italians really do the most beautiful job with sports cars.\nThey sure do. I agree 100 percent. I would love to own soem day My friend has one and he lets me drive it, Nice friend.\nVery nice friend! Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand recently. Everyone knows the Ferrari brand. \nYes. Very prestigious. I think that Kobe Bryant had one custom designed for him to be able to fit in it.\nWow, I didn't know that! It must be huge. \nNot any bigger in size. They extended the track in the seat to slide back further. :less space behind him.\nAh, that makes sense! The most expensive car ever sold was a Ferrari. It was a 1962 model, sold to Craig McCaw.\nI did not know that. Interesting. I am not surprised. though. Did it say how much?
I'm so happy my kids are now grown up and I no longer have to pay for daycare. It's also called childcare or childminding. \n I'm so happy too\nDaycare workers are essentially the childs first teacher. Do you have kids?\n I agree. if I have\nIt's intersting, in many other cultures, other children care for the younger children. That doesn't happen in the western world as much. \n if it is very interesting to see how the children take care of themselves in other places
Superman is my favorite fictional superhero, how do you feel about him?\nHe is pretty impressive.  He can fly which must be pretty amazing.  if you could have any superpower, what would it be?\nHis powers aren't as intimidating as the potential superpower Russia is becoming\nNow that is very worrying.  I watch as much as I can on the news about it but I still feel ignorant
Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?\nI have been to the southern part of the gorge!\nThat's awesome~!\nI liked all the waterfalls, the horshoe, american, and bridal veil walls\nI loved them too, I really enjoy being outdoors....do you ever go camping?
I am bored of my maids.\nWhy? The word maid is short for maiden, meaning virgin. Do you know how that evolved into someone cleaning the house?\nI don't know I just need a change I guess. How did that evolve into someone who cleans a house?
I love gospel music: james Brown sang gospel in the movie "the Blues Brothers", and it was awe inspiring.\nI'm not really into Gospel music. I prefer country music\ngospel is simply a form of the genre of Christian music.  Some people get it, others don't.\nWell i love christian music but not baptist type of music with a lot of yelling. i prefer classical hymns\nGospel is classical.  since the 17th century, when it arose, it has been based on the black tradions of oral recitation of music.\nokay thats interesting. Who are some famous gospel singers?\nLet me say this first:  the difference between gospel and hymns is that hymns are sung in a call and response fashion, whereas gospel has one voice.\nokay. yes i definitely prefer hymns
I used to have really blonde hair but now it is very brown, which makes sense since it's the 2nd most common human hair color.\nI have naturally brown hair but had to much gray so I went blonde too.\nWell my hair is brown now, or brunette as a lot of people call it.\nHair is just the pgmentation of the follicles due to two types of melanin, eumelanin and pheomelanin.
hey my favorite colors red \nI like red also, but I think my favorite color would be aqua or teal.
Snoop dog is my idol, he is my favorite artist in the world.\nYou are right, he is multitalented, he is not only a rapper, he is also an actor and a record producer.\nyeah and he really supports weed which in my opinion is pretty nice, do you know when he was born?\nI don't know where he was born, I know that by being born in 1971 he is over 45 years old. \nyea, i thought so i think it's crazy that he has been famous for so long. \nHis debut album was released 25 years ago, in 1993. \nWow, it's been so long i remembered like it was yesterday when he came up with that album.
Forza Motorsport! I love Ferraris, the italian sports car and Motorsports!!!\nNice! I don't know much about them, but I do know they're fast luxury cars.\nI play Forza motorsport on my Xbox\nI heard that was a really fun game. Tell me more about it?\nThere are 2 games.  The original Forza, and Forza Horizon which is an open world game made by playground sports.\nHow long ago were the games made?\nAs of 2010, they had sold over 10 million copies of Forza in just 5 years, so 2005.\nWow, I had no idea that those games were so popular. Perhaps I should play them.\nForza is just Microsoft's answer to Playstation's Gran Turismo game.\nIs Forza for the PlayStation? I have a PS3 so maybe I could play it.
Right now I have bright purple hair!\nNice! Did you change your hair color by dyeing it?\nYes, I had it professionally done.\nI know that you can do it at home independently. Have you tried that before?\nI have done that in the past but I didn't want to mess it up.
I would like to be a physician because  the profession is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease and others \nNice ,so what does it take to be one?\nIt  will  requires you to have  both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines  and a decent competence in its applied practice which is the art or "craft" of medicine.\nOK what institution offers the course?\nAlot across the USA but I like John Hopkins University for it. Also, know that degrees and other qualifications vary widely, but there are some common elements, such as medical ethics \nOK how many years?\nI'm not sure but i think it's usually longer than others.  It would interest you to know that  the role of the physician and the meaning of the word itself vary around the world.\nSo where would you love to work?
I am so scared of clowns. What can you tell me about them?\nWell, they're just comic performers who use slapstick comedy. Not really much to be afraid of to be honest.\nMaybe it is the movie It that caused my fears.\nThere are various traditions in costume and performance for clowns. I guess you're talking about the Stephen King movie, It?\nThat is correct. Pennywise looks so creepy. I know it's just a movie but I'm afraid there is a real killer clown.
I love to bake! Especially when it's for my family or close friends. Do you like to bake?\nI love to bake also.\nWhat are some of your favorite things to bake?\nI really enjoy baking bread.\nAny particular kind of bread? Or just normal ole' bread? I love eating freshly baked bread. :)\nI really enjoy making Mexican breads.\nOh I don't think I've ever tried that before, it sounds really good though I wanna try it sometimes.\nBaking is very important for me to maintain my nutrition.\nDo you follow a strict diet, or do you just prefer to bake for yourself?
Harley-Davidson is a wonderful American motorcycle brand, started in 1903.\nMy dad drives a harley are they expensive?\nYes, usually. They are one of the major survivors of the Great Depression\nO wow I had no idea they dated back till then.
I am always torn before white and red sauce pastas\nThe Italians always have been known for diversity in their cuisine so you have lots of sauces to choose from.\nThat is true. That can also be seen in the wide array of pasta types. What is your preference on that?\nI need to avoid gluten so I choose pastas made from rice flour.\nHmm, I've never had rice flour pasta. Is it healthier (calories/carbs/etc) than normal pasta? 
I love 80s popular music.  The era had all the jams!\nYeah I wish I grew up during the 80s great hair, women were stylish, music was a banger.\nYeah that hair.  Euro disco and dance pop were so popular at this time.\nWhat other kind of cool tidbits do you know about the 80s?
I don't like the color red that much what about you?
I'm obsessed.its giving me real concern.How can you help pls? Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat \nYes, it is a medical problem.  You need to change your diet.\nObesity is an overweight situation\nYes, I was overweight.  I lost 50 pounds.
Rock and Roll is my favorite music genre, are you familiar with it?\nI love Rock!  it is a popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s\nYes rock and roll evolved from from African American musical styles such as gospel, blues, jazz, boogie woogie,along with country music.\nIt did! And classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars. but now we usually add a bass to the group.\nIn the earliest rock and roll styles, either the piano or saxophone was typically the lead instrument
I like the color red. It is at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange. \nRed is so pretty, I always feel like it means love 
Do you enjoy baking items like bread or cookies?\nyes i actually have a lot of experience in baking especially cakes and brownies\nDo you have any special techniques to make sure the cakes and brownies heat thoroughly?\nInstead of putting the oven 350 like the recipe calls for, I lower the temperature to 300-325 and let it bake a little longer instead of blasting it with high heat\nThat's a good tip! I could see that applying for other batters and pizza dough to make sure the crust is crispy and still is soft in the center.\nAs long as you keep your eye on the oven at all times its easier to gradually adjust the baking temperature as needed 
Hi, I'm looking to buy a Harley bike. Have you any suggestions?
Hi, I love eating pasta,  a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine\nWow who discovered pasta?\nCavatelli of Italy is known for making pasta-like dishes depending on region and town. \nSweet. What year did they start making pasta?
Pasta is a staple of traditional italian cuisine, it dates back to 1154. Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta and I love Italian food. That's a long time ago! They needed their dinner back then to though.
Hey, how do you feel about weird hair? I've done some hair coloring, or hair dying, and I have changed to purple hair. \nI think hair coloring is cool. My youngest daughter has had pink hair.\nThat's pretty awesome. More people are doing it. In the US, at home coloring reached $1.9 billion in 2011. That's a lot of dye. \nI agree! That is a whole lot of dye! lol So how do you like your purple hair?\nI like it a lot! The color is great. In the US and Europe, purple is associated with royalty and magic. Sorta cool. \nDo you like in Europe or the United States? Purple is my favorite color. My friends actually call me PIRPS for short. lol
Everyday i buy my dog some dog biscuits, he loves them!\nHow do dogs eat those things?  they are so dry and hard!  What possible benefit could they get from them, other than taste, which apparently they do like.\nWell some of them have vitamins, and they nibble on them slowly, the taste is sometimes so great that i try one :D do you have a dog?\nYes, I have a dingo, which is a type of feral dog from Australia.  Have you heard of them?  \nYes they seem nice, i have a Pekingese, but he is black not so ugly as the brown ones, he haves white paws
I love being physical fit and exercising. I try to keep my body toned.
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it is so relaxing.\nJazz really is nice so soothing to listen to, its popular amoung african americans\nThat makes sense, since it is reminiscent of the blues.\nYep has deep roots in blues and ragtime\nI thought so! I love the instruments that they use in jazz too.\nYea jazz music with a good saxophone is great\nSaxophones are my favorite of all the instruments that they use, honestly.
Hi!  Do you know anything about manta rays?\nI know they are found in warm temperature such as subtropical and tropical water!\nThey are pretty amazing creatures.  You can swim with them as they are quite docile.
I think that chestnut brown is a beautiful color of hair, but most women tend to dye their hair when it's brown. Do you think natural brown hair is pretty?\nI think its beautiful, they dye it i think because its the second most common hair color\nWould you consider dying your hair a crazy color for a month if you knew you could get it back to its original color at the end of the month?\nThen yes :D , but i would do it at home, not at the hairdressers i would be ashamed :D\nWhat color would you choose and why? Would you hide the color from others when going out for that month, or would you embrace the change and see what happened\nWell i would probably not make it for a month and hide all the time, and after few days give a tip to my hairdresser to come and fix the change :D\nHahaha. I think I would love to have a neon color head of hair, but I think I would have to have an excuse for dying it. My friends and family would think I had gone crazy if I just did it for no reason, but I actually think it would be quite fun to do.\nhehe the reason why for me i would say that i did it because i want to be like Lucifer from Supernatural drama, if you have seen it\nI have not seen that show, other than the commercials for it. What color is his hair in that show?
Hey -- I knew that Ferrari was from Italy, but unaware it is from the city of Maranello \nI thought that was common knowledge. What else do have you learned about Ferrari? \nI learned that they were a racing team before they produced sports cars. I thought it was the other way around. \nDid you know in the early years Enzo Ferrari actually wanted to produce road cars and not sports cars.\nI am surprised to hear that. tHe fact that he was a racing driver would make me believe he wanted sports cars. \nOver the years Team Ferrari has won 15 World Drivers Championship titles 
Good evening, have you ever been to a circus and encountered a comic performer such as a clown?\nYes indeed! Gotta say -- I'm not a big fan. There's something a bit creepy about them. How about you?\nI completely agree.  The older that I get, the more afraid of them I become.  One group of clowns that I find frightening is the group Insane Clown Posse.  Have you heard of them? \nAren't they more of a music group? But, yes -- point taken! I know their fans, the Juggalos, dress up in clown-like makeup. I think more of clowns like Steven King's "It"!\nThat's true, they are a music group.  Juggalos are freaky along with the movie IT.  I can't believe that people were dressing up like evil clowns back in 2016 and hiding near schools.  Wouldn't that be freaky to encounter one at night?\nTotally agree. I'm not sure what would motivate people to do the evil clown dress up -- I guess the thrill of spooking people. Not funny! Did you see IT?
Snoop Dogg is so awesome, he's a great rapper and does a lot for his community as well\nHe is awesome! Most people don't realize that his real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. He is also a TV personality. Have you seen him live before?\nI wish! I was too young to go to his concerts at the height of his popularity but I'm hoping one day I'll get to see him live.
I love Jazz, I was born in the birthplace of Jazz, New Orleans !
I love pasta, I could eat just pasta for the rest of my life and be completely ok with it.\nI love pasta as well especially fresh made pasta.\nCan you tell me more about the history of this amazing food?\nI'm no expert I just know in culinary we did a week on Italian cuisine which was reference in 1154. \nWhats your favorite kind of pasta?\nI like mines with extra sauce and sausages and shrimp when cooking my specific pasta what's yours?\nYou can't go wrong with spaghetti and meatballs in my opinion.
I love cooking but I am a terrible baker! I need to bake an apple crumb cake, what do I do?\nWell usually whenever I need baking help I Google it so I'd suggest that! I like baking bread sometimes, but cakes and cookies are good too.\nOhh bread.. Maybe I will make that... How do you make bread?\nWell you just need some dough, water, and yeast and then you can bake it in the oven, quite simple.\nYou don't need anything else? What if I add pepperoni to it? Do I put in from the start or later on in the cooking process?\nI wouldn't suggest adding a cure porked and beef mixed-together product in my bread, but I guess you could try, I'd add it in from the start I suppose.\nWell Italian culture we cook pepperoni and mozz bread you should try it, it's good!  I just don't know how! lol
I go to Target all the time, do you?\nTarget Corporation is the second largest discount retailer\nI assume that it is just before Walmart, but still huge.\nyea Target Corporation does very well for them selves as a store and retailer\nThey really do, at least over here in the US.\nTarget Corporation was founded by george dayton in minnesota\nMinnesota of all places? Huh, that's cool.
Red is such a versatile color, it's on one of end of the spectrum alongside orange.\nI LIKE THE COLOR RED
My favorite number is seven, also the 7 number is a natural number following 6 and preceding 8\noh the number 7 is sweet.. thats my fav number as well
My favorite color is red since I've been child. Red is also important color in China.\nI love red because it sets me apart 
hey do you know much about Niagara Falls?\nI've actually visited Niagara Falls. It's three waterfalls between USA and Canada.\nOh thats cool, what state/area is it in?\nIt borders the city of Buffalo-Niagara Falls, NY, USA and Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.\noh wow didnt know it was i/next to new york, how long has it been an attraction?\nIt's a natural attraction, so it's been around before people settled there.\nhow many people visit it? is it really popular?
I think a lot of people want to blame obesity on the person, but I think some cases can be blamed on genes.  What do you think?\nI think that genes do have some to do with obesity with different health problems
I have been trying to lose my pregnancy weight recently and just started a new exercise program this week.\nDo you do any strength training to help lose weight?\nOnly tiny 5 pound weights for my arms while I am cycling
Hey there!  I'm pretty interested in Harley Davidson motorcycles.  Dude, they've been around since 1903!  That's way longer than most companies in the USA.\nI used to have a Yamaha, but i think that Harleys are too loud!  They do look good on the road, however.  How long have you been riding?\nYamaha is cool too, I just looked them up and they've been in business since 1955.  They make all kinds of other stuff too, sailboats, water craft, snowmobiles, all kinds of stuff.  I've been riding for about 5 years.  What about you?\nI've had a motorcycle since 2001.  Most harleys are belt driven, my Yamaha had a drive shaft, which mad itVERY dependable.  I passed a lot of broken down Harleys on the side of the road.
Are you into physical fitness? I play league tennis a couple of days a week to try and stay fit.\nI am not into fitness. I don't have time for it mostly.\nIt does take a lot of time. This is why I love tennis. I get to participate in an activity that I enjoy and exercise at the same time! lol\nI've been to 24 hour fitness a few times, it is a privately owned and operated fitness center chain.\nDid you enjoy it there? How were the trainers? I've never found them very helpful unless you paid for a personal trainer.\nYes, they currently have 400 clubs\nWow! That is as large franchise! I am not much of a gym person. I tend to quit. Tennis is really the only activity that I find I can maintain.
Hi there! Do you dye your hair? I dye mine blonde\nI do, but I dye my either brown or auburn, blond is to light for my skin
I like the number 7, which comes between 6 and 8.\nWhats so special about it?
Red is my favorite color - especially crimson red. What is your favorite shade of red?\ni like ruby
Do you happen to know any twins?\nI have some friends who are fraternal twins - one a boy and one a girl\nWhat is the difference between fraternal and identical?\nIdentical twins develop from one zygote, while fraternal develop from two different eggs\nSo I guess then boy/girl twins are always fraternal.\nThat would be correct.  Each egg has its own sperm cell\nIt's very interesting how twins seem to run in certain families - is it hereditary?\nIt seems to be - the yoruba people have the highest rate of twins in the world - 90 to 100 twins per 1000 live births\nWow - that is amazing - perhaps it also gives them a way to re-populate faster if there is some other kind of environmental reason
Do you know much about the San Diego Comic-Con - or Comic Con in general?
I love the taste of pasta mixed with tomato sauce and shredded cheese all over it\nI just love mines with chunky tomatoes mixed with meatballs and mushrooms.\nOlive Garden is the place that makes the best pastas. I try to visit the place as much I can with my friends\nI love Olive Garden especially the original one in Orlando they opened in 1982.\nI think Italians have special genes that makes them so adept at preparing pastas
Brown hair is the second most common color in humans.\nIs it really? I know red hair is the least common, so is blond the most common?
I love rap music. I'm a fan of Snoop Dogg.
I really learned to love pasta in Italy\nI love pasta. What is your favorite?
I'm having pasta tonight for dinner. Do you enjoy pasta?\nSounds delicious! Yes, I enjoy pasta. I like the traditional spaghetti and meatballs! How about you?\nYes, I enjoy it, especially big meatballs. Do you Fettuccine pasta? \nYes, I enjoy Fettuccine pasta. I think it's the best with Alfredo sauce. What other pastas do you like?\nI like regular macaroni pasta, with cheese! Do you?\nI love macaroni and cheese. It's been my favorite since I was a kid. Have you tried other pastas?\nYes, Linguine is another I enjoy. I like the size and texture. You?\nCool, I do also! I found out it means "little tongues" in Italian? Pretty neat!\nI didn't know that, interesting. I'm off to make my pasta!
Hi. I really love pasta. What about you?\nYes I do.  Pasta is a staple food of Intalian cuisine.\nIf I had to choose, I'd say spaghetti is my favorite pasta.\nI love its long and thin shape of spaghetti.\nAnd it's versatile. You can have it with pesto sauce, tomato sauce, or just a little olive oil.
Do you have a favorite superhero? I LOVE superman
hi..i like jazz very much.jazz is originated from African american communities\nIndeed it did.  In the late 19th and early 20th Century.  It developed from blues as well.\noh i think so.the american and African communities involves a lot.
I am really scared of Manta ray's since i say it killed the crocodile hunter\nI want to learn more about them, I know they beach like whales, are they poisonous?\nim not sure if they are poisonous but they have a big sharp dagger on their tailes\nI know they are found in sub tropical and tropical waters and they look scary\nYes they do, one time i was in the ocean and saw one jumped like 20ft away from me i was so scared\nThey are listed as endangered by International Union for Conservation of Nature\nthat is so sad i dint know, i have the fact that there is so much plastic at the beach that is probably the reason
My hair is black. What color is your hair?\nI have black hair, too! It's probably because it's the most common of all human hair colors across the entire globe. We're just a part of larger populations that have this dominant trait!\nIf you could change your hair color, what would it be?\nI probably wouldn't. I'm happy with black hair. Although, hair coloring is definitely on the rise, as 75% of women and 18% of men in Copenhagen, for example, have reported dying their hair, if that gives you any indication.\nI might dye my hair later in life, as my black hair is beginning to grey out. Would you?
I love baking pies and cheesecake in my spare time but I would love to expand into other things could you tell me more about being a baker?\nI have always been interested in the role of a baker and bakery  their work and it's historical significance.\nWhat do you find the most interesting about the historical significance of bakers?\nWell grains are and have been a food stable for millennia, the baker is actually one of the worlds oldest professions. \nWow, I didn't know baking would have been around that long. I always thought it was a more recent invention. I don't even think native american maade any bread at all?
I have children and like to know they are being cared for well at child care facilities. Some of these places, day cares, nannies, babysitters and teachers can get too intrusive however.\nI have kids too but I dont know If I could trust them with a stranger\nI agree. It's important that a child receives quality child care from an early age, as it impacts their future, and they are our future.\nYeah they need to be shaped as young as possible.
I love the taste of Gouda cheese.\nMe too! it is such a great mild cheese\nI eat it usually on the weekends with wine.\nIt pairs great with it and it is one of the most popular cheeses in the world\nThat does not surprise me.\nThe first mention of Gouda cheese was is 1184!\nGouda cheese\nThe cheese itself is names after a Dutch city.\nThat is a long time ago.
I'm so happy my kids are now grown up and I no longer have to pay for daycare. It's also called childcare or childminding. \n I'm so happy too
Being Italian I love pasta. Have you have real homemade pasta? \nI have had fresh pasta produced by hand when I lived in Italy, but have not in years\nMake it your self. Tonight I had homemade pasta with rabbit sausage. Tomorrow it's rabbit Lasagna.
I love to bake cakes. My wife married me because she loves my cakes so much.
I am not a big fan of Superman, but I do like Supergirl.\nSupergirl is a pretty solid character. It's the name that is given to a few different heroes in the DC Comics.\nI like watching the new Supergirl show that is on TV.
Good evening, have you ever been to a circus and encountered a comic performer such as a clown?\nYes indeed! Gotta say -- I'm not a big fan. There's something a bit creepy about them. How about you?\nI completely agree.  The older that I get, the more afraid of them I become.  One group of clowns that I find frightening is the group Insane Clown Posse.  Have you heard of them? \nAren't they more of a music group? But, yes -- point taken! I know their fans, the Juggalos, dress up in clown-like makeup. I think more of clowns like Steven King's "It"!
Harley-Davidson is a wonderful American motorcycle brand, started in 1903.\nMy dad drives a harley are they expensive?\nYes, usually. They are one of the major survivors of the Great Depression\nO wow I had no idea they dated back till then.\nYes, they've been around a while. They also license and market under their own brand different apparel.\nHave they ever sold anything besides bikes?
I would love to take a wine tasting course.\nWine tasting has been around since the 14th century.  I really love wine so a wine tasting course would be fun.\nI love wine too!  I remember doing some wine tasting when I visited Napa, but I would like to learn more about different wines\nOne of my favorite types of wine is cabernet sauvignon.  Which is one of the most popular and recognized red varietals.\nWhat about Merlot?, could you tell me what is different about it?
Do you enjoy any water sports like Kayaking?\nI like some water sports including Kayaking but overall I prefer sports on land.\nPersonally I love Scuba Diving. Only done it once in my life but you never forget the experience. \nWhere did you go scuba diving? was the introductory training difficult?\nI Scuba Dived in the bahamas on vacation. No the training only took about an hour. 
Have you been to San Diego Comic-Con?! It's such a big part of popular culture, and has grown so much since it's early days as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970!\nI haven't cosplay culture has always been on the fringe of my social circles though, I see a ton of it on Reddit.\nThere are some *amazing* cosplay creations and creators! Do you have a favorite? A specific character or costume?\nI personally love Geralt from the Witcher series, anyone who can resemble him is some kinda cool guy\nI must admit I'm unfamiliar -- I only know that the Witcher Saga is huge -- isn't it a series or about to be?!\nIt is going to be on Netflix soon yes!\nDo you know who is cast? I think that's why/how I heard about it -- and the fact Netflix and I are friends! Crazy it's inspired films, series, video games, etc....oh, and cosplayers! \nI'm not sure actually, it must be nice being such good friends with Netflix haha. Cosplayers are like furries that don't get weird with it.
Hey do you go to the gym?\nYes I do. The act of fitness before the industrial revolution was looked at as the ability to complete a days activities without being fatigued.\nThat's great! What types of workout's do you do at the gym?\nI do whatever keeps my body in shape. Fitness is known as the quality of being fit and being in that state of mind.\nSo, how many days a week do you go to the gym?\nUsually 4 days a week. The modern definition of fitness is labeled as the abiltiy is a human or machines specific function or holistic of adaptability to cope with various incidents or situations.\nYou know so much about physical fitness, I am trying to get my body more in shape after having 7 children.
I love Manta rays! They have a large sub species called M. birostris",\nOh yeah. I love watching the manta ray videos where people are feeding them and they flap their fins/wings for attention. So cute.\nYeah they Both have triangular pectoral fins!\nBoth, as in male and female or multiple species?\nYeah and they have been placed in the family Myliobatidae!\nOkay I don't think I am following you, you aren't being very clear. Do they lay eggs or have live birth?
I love to listen to jazz music.  It's very soothing.\nOh yes, especially since they have such a rich history in the African-American communities!\nI agree!  The talent of so many of the musicians is amazing!\nAbsolutely, all the great jazz musicians know how to play the swing and blue notes that characterizes jazz\nMiles Davis was one of the greatest jazz musicians.  Have you heard of him?
I really enjoy the color red. It can denote passion and love. What is your favorite color?\nmine is red too it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat is true. I really enjoy the color green, as well. It seems like such a friendly color most of the time\nSpeaking of the color red, it is iron oxide that gives the red color to the planet Mars\nI did not know that. I hope that Earth does not end up like Mars\nALso our blood being colored red comes from the protein hemoglobin \nThat's a fun fact. Red can be a very passionate color.
I've always considered becoming a baker because I love baking!\nme too! I would so work in a bakery!\nI think it would be fun! All the pies and cakes and rolls I could make! I love the smell of fresh baking bread!\nme too! I love breads made with yeast. it's relatively recent to make bread with yeast\nOh really? How did they used to make it before yeast I wonder ? 
I like to bake in my spare time. Do you?
I'm a college student right now, so I really like pasta since it's cheap and easy to make\nYep, pasta is a very versatile and delicious italian cuisine\nWell it's nice because if you want to impress a date, you can easily do that by making a pasta dish
I really like the color red, its been my favorite color since i was a little kid.
hello, what do you think about people with brown hair?\nI love brown hair, I was born with brown hair.
Red is such a versatile color, it's on one of end of the spectrum alongside orange.\nI LIKE THE COLOR RED\nSo do I, especially how it has a dominant wavelength of about 625-740 nanometers.\nTHAT IS SO TRUE MY SON THINKS I AM NUTS I BOTH ALOT OF STUFF THAT IS RE
I used to be really blonde but now I have brown hair.\noh yea? i have black/brown hair
Dog biscuit is a snack  that is used as a supplement for dogs\nI give my dogs biscuit sometimes. How healthy are dog treats though? \nJudging by the fact that they are always well made, and  tend to be hard and dry, I would say they are healthy\nI guess that makes sense. What other supplements exist to give to your dog? \nI'm not too sure but I like dog biscuits because  they come in a flat bone-shape.\nYes the little bone shape is actually pretty cute. My dog gets so excited to get them. What are dog biscuits even made of though?\nYou won't believe it if I tell you that some manufacturers of the biscuit thinks  clean the dog's teeth, promoting oral health.\nYes I think I've heard that before. Does it really clean dog's teeth?
I love baking, I am thinking about taking baking lessons from a baker.\nIm am baker, A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads\nYeah really? What is you favorite thing to bake or what is your best seller?\nI think wheat bread and I work at a local bakery\nInteresting, I figured it would have been something sweet like a pie or a cake. \nNope, and baking is goint to be around forever,  Since grains have been a staple food for millennia\nWhat other kinds of flour do you use there besides wheat flour?
A lot of people see clowns as physically comedic, but I've always found them physically intimidating.\nSame here i actually find them to be very scary in my opinion \nI think since a lot of cultures have their own styles and variations in costumes when it comes to clowns, some may be creepier than others.\nYeah thats very true.  Is there anything else you can tell me about clowns?
Red was the beautiful and passionate color\nIt certainly is, and red comes in many different shades as well. There's crimson, scarlet, vermillion, and burgundy. So there's variety!\nYes, in our daily life we met with various things which are in red color.\nThat's very true. And it's an interesting bit of color psychology that police officers will more likely pull over red cars than other cars.\nHuman psychology also mostly related with red color. It is also a symbol of danger.\nOr desire, as it happens. Research suggests hetero men believe that women who wear red are much more attractive than otherwise.\nSome of them thought  red color was the color for struggle and to violate.
I love to take showers that is actually my peace time away from my kids lol I wish it was still like old times where it was natural formations waterfalls.\nHa! YES, love the idea of waterfall-as-shower. Where would be your ideal location for a waterfall?\nI heard the Gully in South Australian is a great location so maybe there.\nWaterfalls are amazing -- have you ever seen one frozen? Crazy that the kind of power in both the gravity and the medium can be *stopped* by a cold enough temperature!
Wine tasting is one of my favorite dates with my husband.
I'm thinking about coloring my hair soon, any tips?
I give my dog two dog biscuits when he is a good boy.
I am always so tired.  I'm beginning to wonder if I have chronic fatigue syndrome.
I am into sax easy jazz, how about you?\nI love jazz music.  I've always thought that it was America's classical music'\nI'm realatively new at it, but picked up onsax players like Roger Elliot, Kenny G, and some others - do youcare for Sax music?
i m afraid of clowns\nHa! Well I have NO idea why....I mean all that creepy makeup, painted on smile, leering voice.....so did you watch "IT", the most recent version of Stephen King's novel?!\nno it is too scary for me to watch\nI have no desire, that's for sure. There was a time I liked films like that. And really, The Shining was a masterpiece with King as author and Kubrick as director! Have you seen it?\ni read the book before I seen the movie, I enjoyed both
Yamaha makes some of the best motorcycles\nYou are right, can u tell me some of their products?\nYamaha started in 1887 as a piano and reed organ manufacturer\nYes, when did they make their first motorcycle?\nAfter world war 2 they started to make motorcycles after re-purposing the company \nOK, who is the owner of the company?
I colored my gray hair for years, and finally decided to stop.  Now hair color is a fashion trend!\nHi buddy, I like hair colouring but i afraid because hair will fall
Hello, Whats you're favorite type of pasta?\nI love most pastas, but spaghetti is my favorite. Pasta is a staple in Italian food, so I ate it a lot growing up.\nI like the more hearty cuts like  linguini or rigatoni or bucatini 
Yamaha makes some of the best motorcycles\nYou are right, can u tell me some of their products?\nYamaha started in 1887 as a piano and reed organ manufacturer\nYes, when did they make their first motorcycle?
I love exercising! It is funny how not too long ago, fitness was considered the mere capacity to carry out daily activities without becoming fatigued! Do you like to exercise?\nI used to but i don't really anymore.  What kind of exercise do you do?
I love taking showers! I do not know how I would live without the modern showers. In ancient times people would pour jugs of cold water over themselves and consider that a shower\nIt would be like living in the stone age.  WHen were showers first invented?\nWell that is hard to determine because original showers were neither indoor structures of man-made, they were actually formed by natural things in nature such as waterfalls. \nWhen did modern showers become common\nThe Ancient Greeks were actually the first people to take showers, but the date is unknown.\nReally?  So before that everyone took baths 
Manta rays are kinda scary, I would be afraid to swim with them.\nInternational Union for Conservation of Nature says that Mantas are endangered or vulnerable.  Tell that to Steve Irwin!!\nWasn't he killed by a sting ray ? What is the difference between the two ?\nI don't really know, but it is hard to believe that the crocodile hunter has been dead for almost 11 years.\nI thought it was longer, but yes the world lost a great guy.\nWhat is equally unbelieve is that he went from being the owner of a zoo in Australia to being world renowned for his show, the Crocodile Hunter, which aired for 11 years.\nThat's what happens when you become famous, look at Gordon Ramsey, now he only does shows because he makes more than in restaurants.\nHis widow, Teri Irwin is a remarkable woman.  She met him at Australia zoo and fell in love, and stood by his side through all of the TV shows and has continued his work since his death\nThat good to hear, what kind of work was he doing ?
Hi there, do you like to eat bread? i am a professional baker\nYes I love to bake actually. I love the way you can transform dough into a bread with a firm dry crust and soft center, delicious!\nThat is awesome, my favorite to bake its mexican bread, is a mix of wheat and verymuch influeced by european food, what is your favorite baked good?\nI really like making breads, but I'd have to say cakes are my favorite baked good.\nYes, cakes are peoples favorites, in the bakery that i own, the best sellers are cupcakes, 45% of our sales revenue come from cupcakes\nIt must be hard to resist the temptation of eating all your creations! Do you ever put stuff like fresh fruit or nuts in your cakes?\nYes i love to put fresh stuff in cakes, such as american favorite apple, pear, peach depends on the season also
I really learned to love pasta in Italy\nI love pasta. What is your favorite?\nThat is a hard question.  There are over 310 types of pasta!\nWow that is a lot. I like spaghetti.
By today's standards I am not physically fit.  I like the definition of the industrial revolution: ability to carry out the day's activities without undue fatigue.  \nThat is crazy I guess I am not fit either but I just got a gym membership\nToday the definition includes proper nutrition and sufficient rest as well.  I eat right, but I don't sleep! \nOh I am the same way! I eat really healthy but I have sleeping problems! What other standards are there?
the number 7 is a great number.\nAbsolutely, it follows 6 and precedes 8! What fun!\nyea i love 17 as a number the most but both are good\n1 and 7 are very similar, it's important to distinguish the upward stroke of the 7 glyph from the long upward stroke in the glyph for 1\nyea those two can get confusing\nYep. That might also be why sometimes people use a horizontal line through the middle of a 7 in handwriting.\nyea i like that style myself looks clean.
my wife has brown hair, it's so pretty i really love it\nAwww, that's so sweet! Brown hair is the second most common hair color after black hair. Mine is black :(\nblack hair is pretty too! i love natural colors, don't really like pink and green hair
I really  love Superman and the the comics
Right now I have purple hair, have you ever dyed your hair?\ni died it blonde once, never again.\nI know you can go from light to dark blonde, which way did you dye it?\nfrom light to even lighter\nDo you have light skin or is your family from Europe?\nyes i am very white, german
I love pasta! Which is your favorite, dried or fresh?\ni love fresh if i can get it but its hard these days\nYes, it is. Fresh pasta was traditionally made by hand, but now fresh pasta is commercially produced, thank goodness. I'd rather buy it in a supermarket than make it by hand!\nyea but at a restaurant fresh would be really cool and tasty.\nVery true! Sometimes I eat pasta made with rice flour. It's not bad and it helps my gluten intolerance. Have you tried rice pasta?\ni think i have but i dont care as much for it
I think Red is my favorite color. When I was a kid it was blue.\nThat's interesting. Red pigment use goes back quite a bit - it's one of the first colors found in prehistoric art.\nI wonder if they used blood back them for red?\nI believe they used ochre. However, anything that contains the protein hemoglobin appears red. The same is true for anything with anthocyanins.\nThat is really interesting, please tell me more
Sometimes i wish i was Superman, the DC Comic book superhero.\nI am actually more of a Marvel Comic book fan.  \nSometimes when i daydream, i wish i was Shazam, the Marvel comic book superhero.\nWhat about those superheros interest you?\nIf i was a superhero, I would be able to fight SAVAK, the Iranian intelligence agency once run by Hossein Fardoust.\nInteresting choice. If I was a superhero, I would like to be the Flash. What superhero movies have you watched?\nThe last film i watched was about operation "TPAJAX", about the coup in 1953 that overthrew democracy in Iran and installed the shah.\nThat is so cool. I have never watched that movie, but I will research on it in a little. Any other superhero movies?
Target always felt like the slightly classier walmart.\nThey have certainly always seemed to have a better reputation, considering all the protest from small-town advocates, labor unions, and the like.\nI like the feel of target but there isnt much special about it i feel.\nIn my personal experience, they seem to keep cleaner stores, but have less variety overall and slightly higher prices.\nexactly, thats a perfect description, not much to look at but a nice store and high prices.\nIt would be nice for there to be some kind of cross between Target and Walmart. Lower prices, and cleaner store with variety - and a company that cared about its employees. But I doubt that will happen.\nYea but its all about making money sadly.
I like the color red. It is at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange. \nRed is so pretty, I always feel like it means love \nApparently the red in a sunset is the result of Rayleigh scattering.\nOh wow, I never knew that, what is Rayleigh scattering
Gospel music is a genre of Christian soul songs . I just love it dont you?\nI don't personally like religious music that much myself.  When did Gospel music first come about?\nThe creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies by location. and it has been around since the 30's\nDo you have your own personal favorite gospel band?\nI did a few years back. I played guitar but Gospel music usually has dominant vocals \nAre there any other prominent instruments?
My friend has chronic fatigue syndrome.  Its sad
JAzz is such pretty music, isn't it?\nYes, it is and intellectuals around the world say it is "one of America's original art forms".\nOh, that's a beautiful sentiment, where did it originate?\nIt originated in the African-Amercian communities of New Orleans during the late 19th and early 20th centuries\nInteresting, what a cool origin, is it still going strong today\nI believe so, since the 1920 it has been as a major form of musical expression.\nOh indeed, but what characterizes jazz as jazz?
i have observed that after black hair Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\nIm not actually sure about my own i think its black but might just be dark brown
Isn't it crazy that fitness used to refer to your ability to not get tired while doing normal activities?\nWow! I had no idea. Do you know when the current day meaning of fitness originated?
My favorite color is red.\nRed is a nice vibrant colour it is close to orange what do you like so much about it?\nI like how its bold and solid.\nI like more of the color blue it goes well with my eyes lol plus it is close to violet and green on the spectrum which I like as well.\nI see, I like red cause it is the color of blood.
Do you prefer baking on hot stones?\nI have not tried it, but I do use a pizza stone. \nOh! Do you heat the stone first or put the food on cold?\nI typically keep the stone in the oven while it preheats, then remove it and place the pizza on the heated stone. \nWhat do you top your poizza with generally, what addional meats, vegetables, cheese, and condiments?\nI prefer very little sauce, mozzarella with a dusting of parmesan, with pork or italian sausage. If my stomach feels up to the task, I add some diced green peppers & some onions.  \nItalian cuisine has influenced US cooking more than any others. What Italian dishes do you like besides pizza?\nOne of my favorite foods is tortellini in white sauce. 
A medical condition where an individual has an amount of body fat that creates a medical condition and affects the health of the individual.\nWhat is the medical condition called?\nObesity is when someone's body mass index is over the ranged defined as overweight. You get the BMI by dividing weight by square of height.\nOh, I thought that is what you were talking about. Yes, obesity has become prevalent in the Western countries.\nDefinitely! It is commonly caused by lack of activity, excessive food intake and genetics.\nYeah, also eating a lot of fast food causes obesity. Us Americans love that stuff.\nI would agree! It can be prevented by making changes in social and personal choices. We love our fast food in America! lol\nThere are far fewer obese people in Europe, Asia and Africa. Guess we just can't control ourselves.
I really  love Superman and the the comics\nMe too! He was created by high school students\nI never knew that, maybe it was his alter ego?
the number 7 is a great number.
I have a family member struggling with the medical condition obesity.\nSorry to here that. What can be done to help them?
My favorite color is Red.\nOh, neat! What shade of red is your favorite? Red can be scarlet, crimson, or even pink in shade.\nI would have to say that my favorite shade has to be Crimson. \nRed is a cool favorite color to have, considering its history. Ancient Egyptians and Mayans would use red to color their faces during important ceremonies.\nI would have to say my favorite shade would be Crimson\nRed is considered to be a more romantic or aggressive color psychologically, which is why some heterosexual men think that red outfits enhance female attractiveness. It's so cool to think that color can make all the difference.\nIsn't red also a primary color?
I colored my gray hair for years, and finally decided to stop.  Now hair color is a fashion trend!\nHi buddy, I like hair colouring but i afraid because hair will fall\nChemicals on hair are never good, I agree.  Apparently people in the US don't care, spending almost 1.9 BILLION on hair color.\nOk good. What colour is so famous in US\nWell, since red hair only occurs naturally in 1-2% of the population, many dye their hair a shade of red.\nYEs I like blue shaded. Burgrandi is so famous.\nHair coloring popular with 75% of women.  I teach and many students, male and female, color their hair various shades of blue and green.\nYes buddy. Women is always interested in trendy fashions.
I am really good at written, visual, and audible processes that go into making youtube videos! \nOh okay, so you're a Youtuber, huh? That's kind of cool... I wish I had the confidence to do that. What goes into that, exactly?\nYup! Among other things, it involves involve correction, condensation, organization of material. Its tough but enjoyable.\nAre there more specifics you can give me about it in relation to Youtube?
Have you ever been to niagara falls? It is quite the sight!\nI have not. I really would like to go. I know it is in New York which is another place I havent been to but would love to visit.\nYeah, I do not live too far away luckily, so I have been a couple of times\nI remember when I was younger watching TRL and their number one music spot in NYC.  Did you ever get to go visit there?\nWho is TRL? I have been to NYC several times, Times Square is amazing
Ferrari is an awesome sports car manufacturer\nFerraris are great cars but I think I prefer Lamborghini overall.\nSame but both are great italian sports cars\nOh yeah there's no denying that they're both top tier car manufacturers.\nyep one day i hope to own a ferrari sports car\nI think I might prefer to own a Tesla instead but I would love any nice car honestly.
I have brown hair, quite common I guess.
Ferraris are some of the most powerful cars in the world.\nI dont know too much about cars.  My dad worked on them all the time, showed me how to keep the basics, oil changed, keep it from over heating.  But as far as Ferraris, wow, very expensive, and thats about all I know?  Are they your favorites\nThey are definitely among my favourite sports cars, although I would prefer to drive an electric car. What's your favourite?\nMy favorite is the american muscle cars.  Dodge, but mainly because thats what Daddy drove.  Ive never driven an electric car?  Does it perform any differently than a gas powered vehicle?\nElectric cars have electric motors compared to gas powered ones, but that's the only difference I can think of. Plus, you don't have to fill up all the time.\nLOL, that can be a bonus at times.  Especially when gas prices rise up to 4 and 5 dollars a gallon.  Theyre probably cleaner too.  Id be willing to try one, if the company would be willing to donate me one. Im sure they can afford it\nHah, if your company is willing to pay for an electric car, you should definitely go for it. Would probably save you a ton of money in the long run. Better for the environment too because of the batteries and solar panels.\nI would definatly love to try it.  I wonder if you just plug it into the wall like your cell phone or if you have to have a special plug installed.... like thoes big ones on window ac units.
I drive an Italian sports car\noh really? what make is it?\nThe company was founded by Enzo Ferrari, you might have heard of it\nOh wow, I love ferraris, really amazing make, when did he found the company?\nHe founded it in 1939, but they built their first car in 1940\nthat old? didnt he start out making tractors or engines for them?
The most common thing most people bake is bread. You'd think it was cookies or cake. Do you bake?\nI can bake, but I don't do it very often anymore.  We only eat bread made with almond flour and so I don't do it very often.
I love jazz music but I don't know much about it .Call you tell me more?\nJazz is a musical genre\nI know it is,more descriptive pls\nJazz is seen by many as American Classics\nDon't understand! When was the first jazz music record?
Red is such a pretty color, don't you think?
his music began in 1992 when i started to listen to him, have you heard his music ?\nNo, I haven't what is his best song?\ni like his debut album style, have you got a favourite artist ?\nYes, Tina Turner is my favorite singer
Hi, I love pasta. Do you?\nAbsolutely! Pasta is a staple of Italian cuisine and one of my very favorite foods.\nYes its so easy to make! Do you eat pasta with meatballs? \nMmm, spaghetti with meatballs is excellent. And it's been said that immigrants in New York actually came up with it!\nYes! So delicious! I didn't know that, is pasta very popular in the U.S?
sobriety is the condition of not having any measurable levels of effects from alcohol\nYeah i prefer to be sober myself, I try not to drink too much when I'm at parties. I guess you dont like to drink a lot either? \nits good that sobriety is also considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth\nIndeed it is, I like to be sober so I can think straight, Drinking really messes me up. 
I have brown hair which is the second most common hair color.\nMine is more dirty blond - I wish it were either darker or lighter LOL!  And who came up with the term dirty blond, sounds well dirty LOL!\nBrown hair strands are thicker than blonde but red hair strands are the thickest. \nI had no idea that the strands of different colored hair vary in thickness - I wonder why that is, do you know?\nI have no idea but thought it was interesting as well\nIt is - I wonder if it changes when the hair is dyed - or only if that's your natural color.  I've tried to dye mine red before but red hair dye fades super fast.
I have a confession; I color my hair to cover the gray that keeps popping up.\nHow old are you? That's fair, I'd probably do the same.
I think Yamaha products are pretty cool! What do you think about them?\nI have never used a Yamaha product actually, but I know they make musical instruments\nNow that I think about it, they do. They are pretty diverse with their products but I think that they are overall recreational. \nNow that I think more, they do make street bikes, but like smaller versions of harley davidsons\nIt's pretty cool that they make that. I would love to try out one their snowmobiles. I've never used one but they seem quite reliable.
Hey! I love listening to music, specifically rap. One of my favorite rappers is Snoop Dogg. \nI don't know a lot about Snoop Dogg but I do know his career began in 1992 as he was discovered by Dr. Dre.\nReally? That is interesting! I am a big fan of Dr. Dre as well. 
I don't do Alcohol because of my religious beliefs.Sobriety\nI am sober too, not for religious reasons. I just prefer to not have any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nSo what is alcohol made of?\nAlcohol is a psychoactive substance that is the active ingredient in beer, wine, and hard liquor. The chemical name is ethanol.\nYou mean ethanol is the reason why one gets drunk?\nYes. Ethanol is naturally produced by sugars or yeasts fermenting.\nSo what other components of a strong wine apart from the ones mentioned?
I give my dog two dog biscuits when he is a good boy.\nAww! That's cute! And actually, you're doing something good for his health! Dry, hard dog biscuits can help clean a dog's teeth!\nThat what I have heard and he just loves them!
I am really afraid of clowns even though our modern clowns have been around since the 19th century.\nI don't blame you!  Clowns are creepy!  Hence the movie "IT".  Why do people have such a fear of them though?\nMy fear is definitely from IT. Even though clowns are designed to entertain large audience\nWhere did clowns get there start?  Was it the circus?\nNot sure but they go back to at least the 1800s when Joseph Grimaldi became the first mainstream clown\nWow!  I didn't realize they went back that far!  Who was Joseph Grimaldi and where was he from?
Alien invasion movies are terrifying for me. Have you ever seen Alien?
I really love red the colour, it exists at the end of the visible spectrum of light!\nred seems like such a bold color\nIt is very bold, it is the manifestation of electromagnetic radiation with the range of wavelengths or simply called light.\nAre there variations of red?
Do you like Jazz music?\nI don't really know. I think I lack the musical expression to truly appreciate Jazz.\nIt isn't really my favorite type of music but I can listen to it for awhile.  what is your favorite type of music
Hi there. I have a lot of different favorite movie genres, but alien invasion is one of my all time favorites.\nOh, I've never seen that. What's it about?
I want to learn how to program computers, so I can find more work.
i have a very tone body. I love physical fitness to improve my well being and health. \nThat is good the better shape you stay in the better you will feel as you age
I like baking, it is my favorite hobby.\nMe too! Bread is baked the most, and I like to make yeast bread.\nI haven't made my own bread, it seems like it is a lot of work to do.\nI used to think I would like to become a baker as my profession, because I really liked it. But, I never pursued it.\nOh that's too bad. Some people really have a knack for it. I'm terrible at creating cakes, I can bake them, but I'm not good at creative stuff.\nI understand. It's really amazing how heat can make such delicious cakes, breads and cookies!\nYeah, with a little patience added in as well because it takes time.\nYes, we need patience. Then you end up with baked goods, with a delicious crust and soft centers from those batters and dough mixtures.\nYeah, they are so good. I need to practice being more creative with what I do.
I love doing exercise\nyes you are physically fit,  it  is a state of health and well-being\nIts makes me to be active mentally\nIt is also the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.\nIts helps mt focus on my dream
I believe in so many things but fully believe we should want a state of health and well being. I play many sports and believe in my physical fitness as a way of life!\nPhysical fitness is really important to me too.\nI take it easy in though to not be overwhelmed, I say to myelf... it's going to be a good day, fitness is defined as the quality of being fit... and then do my 4 am routine :)\nI prefer to work out at night, personally.
7 has always been my favorite number. It's very lucky for me.
Do you know much about Niagara falls? seems like a nice place.\nYeah, it's actually the three collective waterfalls on the international border between the US and Canada.\nWhere is it located? Never really knew what place it was at.\nThey're mostly located between the province of Ontario and the state of New York.\nHuh that far away? What else is there to know about it?\nThere are three falls, and from smallest to largest there are Horseshoe Falls, American Falls, and Bridal Veil Falls.\n3 of them? wow didnt even know that, thanks man.
Hi. I see you're interested in rock and roll.
Red is the color of my soul. What color is your soul?\nI would say orange. It is close to red which is at the end of the visible spectrum.\nSuch a beautiful color. The color is fall\nI also like blue, which is the color of the sky and deep sea due to scattering of light.\nWhy is it the sky is blue unless you go up in a jet or space ship then it's clear. Total loss of color.
Do you like water sports? Their are several commonly played sports that involve water. \nI do. I am a certified scuba diver. I love swimming as well. Do you do scuba diving?\nThere* Oh, wow! I haven't been scuba diving. Do you wear a dry suit that normally protects the body?\nI used to dive in Turkey, Egypt so 5mm wet suit or 7mm half dry were enough. But in cold waters you definitely need a dry suit. I have completed my training but couldn't dive with a dry suit yet. It is so hard to dive with dry suit for me. Last time I tried it I went upside down in the water.  \nInteresting! So the difference between dry suits and wetsuits is that dry suits prevent water from entering?\nYes dry suits do not get any water where wet suits get a bit of water inside but it does not let it go out so keeps you still a bit warmer as it prevents water moving
Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\n What did you say that?\nThe color  can  be anything  from light brown to almost black hair.\nBut almost black hair is not brown\nBrown is brown dude! the cause is that there are higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin.\nDo black people have brown hair or black hair?
I have brown hair. What about you?\nI have brown hair and I know a lot about it\nWhat do you know?\nBrown hair is the second most common hair colour just behind black hair\nOh really? I didn't know black hair was that common. I guess maybe in Asia.\nActually brown hair is common in the Western world such as Central Europe, Southeastern Europe, Eastern Europe, Southern Europe, Southern Cone, the United States, and also some populations in the Greater Middle East where it transitions smoothly into black hair.\nInteresting. I guess I don't see too much black hair where I live.
I love the taste of pasta mixed with tomato sauce and shredded cheese all over it\nI just love mines with chunky tomatoes mixed with meatballs and mushrooms.\nOlive Garden is the place that makes the best pastas. I try to visit the place as much I can with my friends\nI love Olive Garden especially the original one in Orlando they opened in 1982.\nI think Italians have special genes that makes them so adept at preparing pastas\nI believe so as well I would love to visit Argentina that is where Italian-born people reside great pasta I bet.\nI don't know how they do it, but no matter how hard I try to prepare one at home, mine ends up with some peculiar taste
I like baked food\nEating baked food is great, baking it is great fun too.\nI love pies\nPies are a great baked good, but there are lots of different things you can bake. Cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat is what baking is.\nReally?\nYeah! The most common baked item is bread?\nThat is true
My favorite music is rock and roll.\nGotta love some Rock and Roll.  It's one of my favorites as well.\nI like the fact that is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s\nIndeed it did.  I was speaking to a friend earlier about James Brown and how he influenced so many genres of music starting in the 60's.\nThe "Godfather of Soul". James Brown. \nBorn in the early 1930's.
Are you familiar with Gospel or Christian music?\nI am. I enjoy both Gospel and Christian music. \nI do too.  Gospel music, to my surprise, can be traced to the early 17th century.\nThe early 17th century? I would have guessed even sooner than that. 
By today's standards I am not physically fit.  I like the definition of the industrial revolution: ability to carry out the day's activities without undue fatigue.  \nThat is crazy I guess I am not fit either but I just got a gym membership
I've always wanted to color my hair some wild color like purple or green, but I'm not young enough for that.
I really love the number 7!\n5,6,7,8 What makes it so special. it can be written in several ways you know !\nReally like Roman numerals?
My physical fitness begins with proper nutrition and physical exercise.\nWhat types of exercise do you prefer?\nI like to strengthen muscles and my cardiovascular system.\nDo you like a particular sport?
I love baking, especially using an oven.\nMe too. I like baking cookies. What do you bake?\nI like to bake bread, as it is the most common baked item. Also cake and cookies.\nI see, and what else do you know about baking? I am looking to improve my baking skills
I would love to start horseback riding. I have no idea what it entails though.
I enjoy jazz music, or "America's classical music" as some like to call it. Do you like jazz?\nI do like Jazz. I think Billie Holiday and The Rippingtons are great!
I love baking, I am thinking about taking baking lessons from a baker.\nIm am baker, A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads\nYeah really? What is you favorite thing to bake or what is your best seller?
do u like ferrari , i hear they are super expensive \nThey are expensive but worth it, they were rated the most pwerful brand by brand france in 2014\npersonally i doubt i can ever afford one , but rich people talk about \nI feel it's name is what makes it popular the most. Brands are used in marketing and advertising to make people want to buy them.\nits good advertisement , everyone who is rich wants one \nI'd rather have a new ford mustang myself.\none day you will , just keep working hard and you will get it \nI've wanted one since they were introduced back in early 1964. \nits a good vehicle to be honest 
I love the taste of Gouda cheese.\nMe too! it is such a great mild cheese\nI eat it usually on the weekends with wine.
Hey there.  What kind of baked foods do you like?
My dad is a huge fan of showtime networks but i dont even remember what type of content they produce. Do you?\nShowtime programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series.\nohh gotcha. When did showtime get its start?\nThe company was established in 1963 as Showtime/The Movie Channel Inc.\nThe movies channel lol. What a fitting name. What are some popular showtime shows?
Pasta is so yummy, I love it. It's a staple food in traditional Italian cuisine. What's your favorite type of pasta?\nOhhhh! I love pasta! I think I could eat it everyday! I love fettuccine alfredo. What's your favorite?\nFettuccine Alfredo is great, it was actually named in Rome in the mid 20th century. I prefer regular pasta with sauce, myself.\nThat's always a solid choice too! Are there any other types of pasta that I should try? Sometimes the gluten in regular pasta upsets my stomach.
Do you like to bake things?\nYes I quite enjoy it. Bread is the one thing that is baked most often.\nI have always wanted to make my own bread, is it hard?\nNot really, you use flour and water, not to mention yeast. That is just regular white bread, I love making pumpkin bread.\nThat sounds interesting well, I am not sure I have ever had pumpkin bread. Is that your favorite to make?
I find Ferrari's interesting but don't know much about them\nIts only of the most iconic Italian sports car company in the world and makes all their cars in Maranello, Italy.\nSo there's no other manufacturing warehouse for Ferrari anywhere in the world?\nNope and it was bought by Fiat in 1969 and 1988 for a combined stake of 90 percent.\nYou seem very knowledgeable about Ferrari! What else do you know about them? 
I love baking! Are you a fan?\nI am an avid baker! I love making cookies, pies and anything with yeast like bread. \nDo pies use yeast, too?
My mother is a twin and I think it's pretty cool, having siblings that are produced at the same time !\nAwesome. That's rare!
I have a twin in real life and when people see us together, I get real sick of them asking if we are twins!\nHow interesting! A developing fetus is called a singleton if they are alone but a multiple if there is more than one developing!\nThose embryos sure like multiplying! I wonder if twins are more rarer than triplets?
Hi. I'm baking cookies. Do you like to bake?
I have brown hair and i love other people with brown hair
What color is your hair? Brown hair the second most common.\nI have brown hair.\nMe too, dark brown hair. But it also varies from light brown as well.\nI am just happy I have hair.\nHa, good news then. Brown hair tends to be thicker than fair hair.\nMy hair is thick and it is curly.\nMine too. I guess we are both what they consider brunettes then, which is a french word.\nI am a brunette. I have never been to France.
A physician is a simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine\nYou must have to be smart to be a doctor. How long do you have to go to school to become one?\nI'm not sure but their field is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease,\nCan you specialize in a certain field of medicine?\nYes, Physicians may focus their practice on certain disease categories\nDo they make a lot of money?\nof course, they can also be general practicioner and be  responsibility for the provision of continuing and comprehensive medical care to individuals, families, and communities\nDo they need a license to practice medicine?
I am really struggling with obesity  It is so hard to lose weight\nObesity is a serious problem that affect many people all over the world\nYes.  And it seems to be getting worse every year
Whats your favorite color , do you like the color red \nYes, I like the color red. But it's often associated with anger.\nreally , how so tell me more \nIt's called color psychology.\nsounds deep , i love all colors since im an artist my favorite color is orange 
I enjoy exercise, but I need to do more research about physical fitness.\nIt is a state of well-being, health and the ability to participate of sports, occupations and activities.\nIndeed. I used to run in college, but then I started having trouble with my knees. What else might I try?\nI was a tennis player but that is bad on the knees. Physical fitness is generally thought of as proper nutrition, exercise and an adequate rest period.\nSo it's a combination of those things and not just exercise?\nYes! Before the industrial revolution, people thought of fitness as the ability to get through the day's activities and survive! lol\nI guess so. Life was harder back then, especially if you spent all day working in the fields.\nToday, fitness is defined as the state of "being fit" as to whatever that means! lol  I don't think I fit that category! lol\nHa! Well, all we can do is try. But it can't help us too much if it just leads to more anxiety.
I think Yamaha products are pretty cool! What do you think about them?\nI have never used a Yamaha product actually, but I know they make musical instruments\nNow that I think about it, they do. They are pretty diverse with their products but I think that they are overall recreational. 
I love baking, especially using an oven.\nMe too. I like baking cookies. What do you bake?
I want to learn how to program computers, so I can find more work.\nHey me too! I've done some programming in C++ in the past, but am now trying to learn Python. \nI know a bit about C++ but what is Python? Is it similar?\nWell Python is object oriented in the same way that C++ is. But my impression of Python is that it is easier to use, but less efficient (in use of computer resources) to run.\nI see. My brother is a 3D programmer and uses C++ for his work. So, Python is not as versatile? I remember when I first learned how to write and use a function.\nPython is actually very versitile as a high level language. I'd call it more "powerful" than C++, but it may not be a good choice when computing resources are at a premium.\nRight. I was only about 8 years old when the first "PC's" were released like the Tandy Color Computer and the TRS-80 hehe.
Hi there! Do you dye your hair? I dye mine blonde\nI do, but I dye my either brown or auburn, blond is to light for my skin\nDo you get it done professionally or do it yourself?\nI do it myself, my mother was a beautician for years.
I just dyed my hair light purple. I am really excited about it!
What color is your hair? \nMy hair is brown, the second most common hair color.\nWhat is the first most common hair color and what is the third? \nBlack is the most common hair color and I am not sure about the third, probably blonde.\nWhat causes people to have different hair color? \nHigher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin result in darker hair.\nWhat causes the different levels of melanin? 
Man, I love some nice quality cheese. Gouda is my favorite. How about you?
I'm not very religious so I don't know a lot about gospel music, can you tell me anything about that style?\nOf course! I'd love to, I'm a huge fan of gospel music! It's known for its dominant vocals, strong use of harmony and Christian lyrics. It's really beautiful music.\nThat does sound powerful just reading about it, does it have a long history?\nIt does, but it's not well documented. The earliest use of the term "gospel song" was first published in 1874.\nOh I would imagine it's probably older than that given the history of churches I guess. Are there any famous gospel artists I should know about?\nWell actually, before it was known as gospel music, that typical style of music can be traced back to the early 17th century.\nOh cool, did it have a different name back then?
I think I might have chronic fatigue syndrome because I'm so tired all the time\nDo you have long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily activites ?\nI have been fatigue for awhile now. What kind of symptoms do you mean?
I think the most common hair color is brown, what do you think?
I like Ferrari. It is an Italian sport car\nthose are really beautiful. i prefer Lamborghini though 
If I hit the lotto I think I will go buy me an Italian sports car I'm thinking a Ferrari. \nYes! Haha what a great thought! Ferraris are neat, when were they invented?\nThey have been around for years they was first founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. \nAmazing! They have become a popular brand since then. Are the cars popular around the world?\nYes they are very popular they was rated the world's most powerful brand they are really expensive cars though. \nYeah they are incredible slick vehicles. I wish I could afford one! Have their cars been evolving with new technology?
My favorite kind of music is rock and roll. I like classic and modern rock. What about you?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports\nWhat sports are best for physical fitness?\nAll sports! It's achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.\nPhysical fitness also helps with stress.\nFitness culture is a sociocultural phenomenon which refers to the culture surrounding physical activities  \nYes fitness culture is great for meeting new people. 
I have two aunts who are twins. Apparently the US and europe have similar rates of twin birth - 9 to 16 per 1000 lives.\nWow I had no idea the rate was so low, do you know what kind of different twins are possible? I think fraternal is one kind for instance.\nYes, there are a couple of types. There's identical (they develop from on zygote which splits) and Fraternal, which means they develop from separate eggs. Quite fascinating.\nThat is quite cool, science is so fascinating. Do you know more about twin births?
I can bake a mean cake. Have you ever baked?
I have brown hair, my sister says it is the second most common hair in the world\ni have blackish hair\nMost brown hair can vary to a black or dark brown sometimes.\nso what is the most common hair color, black?\nYup! and people with brown hair are often referred to as brunettes.\nwhat makes the color of hair?
Obesity seems to be a real problem these days, especially among young people. \nDo you agree that obesity is mostly preventable through social changes and personal choices?\nI think that society has lost the ability to prepare healthy meals at home and we rely too heavily on fast food and junk food. It can be addicting. \nThat definitely leads to the United States having the highest obesity rates in the world.\nYes. I think we need to go back to teaching basic cooking skills in school, like they do in Britain. 
I love cooking but I am a terrible baker! I need to bake an apple crumb cake, what do I do?\nWell usually whenever I need baking help I Google it so I'd suggest that! I like baking bread sometimes, but cakes and cookies are good too.\nOhh bread.. Maybe I will make that... How do you make bread?\nWell you just need some dough, water, and yeast and then you can bake it in the oven, quite simple.\nYou don't need anything else? What if I add pepperoni to it? Do I put in from the start or later on in the cooking process?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and the ability to perform sports, occupations and everyday activities.\nYes, are you into physical fitness?\nYes I have always been into physical fitness to a certain extent.  I have always at least tried to work out 3 or more days a week to maintain health and bodyweight.    HOw about you?\nI think my physical fitness days are over - I walk and that's about it - LOL!  Do you know the benefits of walking daily?\nI hear ya, I have slowed down some myself.  I am guessing the benefits of walking daily might be to  lower blood pressure, relieve stress, maintain weight?  Am I anywhere close to being accurate?\nI hope so, I need at least two of those - LOL!!  Do you know anything about weight lifting for older women?
Are you familiar with Gospel or Christian music?\nI am. I enjoy both Gospel and Christian music. \nI do too.  Gospel music, to my surprise, can be traced to the early 17th century.\nThe early 17th century? I would have guessed even sooner than that. \nYes, me too.  Actually the audience really increased in the 1920's due to the advent of radio. \nWhat about Christian music? Is there a date that is recorded for that becoming more popular?
Hi, I love Target can you tell me more about it?\nSure! I know that Target is the second-largest discount retailer in the U.S., behind Walmart!\nWow, does Target have groceries for sale like Walmart?
Hey! I like shopping at target.\nI love Target! Its crazy to think that the very first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota way back in 1962, at the same time the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in the year 1967.\nWow, i didn't know they have been around so long. I wonder if they lost any value after the data breach a few years back.\nIm not really sure, I think their stocks are doing well though. Target was actually Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and some time later the Dayton Company in the year 1910.\nInteresting stuff, i wonder if there is any significance to the name target, and why they chose it.
I've always wanted to go to San Diego's Comic-Con! Have you ever gone?
I enjoy jazz music. My African-American friend introduced it to me.\nOh wow, I have not really listened to it much, don't they play a lot of saxophones in jazz
I really enjoy baking.  I actually used to work in a bakery when I was in college\nI love baking but I'm just a beginner.  What do you like to bake?\nI really like baking croissants.  They are layered with butter, rolled, and placed on a sheet.\nThat sounds kind of difficult.  What about Macaroons?\nThey are good as well.  You can make with with ground almonds, coconut, and sometimes other nuts\nWhat is a good pastry to bake as a beginner?\nI would say the most common ones such as pies or tarts.  They are good for newbies\nI love pies! That would be a good project to try. Are cookies easy?
Not too long ago, I was severely overweight. Considered obese for my height. It's been a struggle but I have lost some of it.
I'm feeling a lot more tired than I usually have been. I'm worried I might have an illness of some kind, like chronic fatigue.\nThats not good, A doctor can usually diagnose you based on a your symptoms, You should get that checked out. \nWhat kinds of symptoms should I really be concerned about? Surely if I'm just tired I don't have to assume the worst, right?\ni wouldnt assume the worst, But currently there is no known cure, But there is promising treatment for it. \nWhat kinds of treatments are there? I think I might need more exercise.
I don't understand why people with gray hair try to cover it up with coloring\nI agree, there is nothing wrong with gray or speckled hair. Perhaps it is because many celebrities do it as well.\nEven more odd is the granny hair trend where young women are coloring their hair different shades of gray.\nPerhaps if more young women did that then the older women would stop dying their hair! Funny how fads come and go so quickly.\nYes.  They say the trend is attributed to fasion designer Jean-Paul Gaultier's  2011 fashion show\nThe strangest hair trend to me is the mullet. I have seen quite a few men sporting them recently.
Here's a thought I just had while showering: the original showers were actually waterfalls!\nOh why do you you think that?\nIt's just historical fact! But there's evidence that early (rich) Egyptians had indoor shower rooms.\nI see so do they also have indoor toilet?\nIt's possible, because they did have rudimentary drainage systems in the rooms.\nSo they would be using copper for it then?
My favorite food is pasta, its the staple of traditional italian cuisine, i like carbonara the most\nI love pasta, what is Carbonara, is it the type of noodle itself?\nCarbonara is a pasta dish from rome, its made with an egg, hard cheese, bacon and pepper, its really grat!\nWhat is hard cheese? Like a block cheese like cheddar? I love eggs, I can see myself liking eggs and noodles together.\nIts really tasty you should try it..Hard cheese is Parmesan, usually for this dish Pecorino Romano cheese.\nI would have never thought of Parmesan as a hard cheese, you've blown my preconceptions of cheese out the window!\nWell american parmesan is not so hard, but real italian one is really hard, granular cheese, full of taste also\nYou're making me hungry for some Italian food now, I'm not sure if risotto rice is italian but that stuff is bomb. 
I love to eat hot peppers.
hello.. how do you like colours.. i like red , the last to see in the spectrum of light\nI like blue, blue is my favorite color. Red is pretty too!
I like jazz music\nYES I LIKE IT. JAZZ IS A MUSIC GENRE THAT ORIGINATED IN AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.\nReally?\nYES.ITS DEVELOPED FROM ROOTS IN BLUES AND RAGTIME\nI like blues\nREALLY, BLUES IS A RHYTHM AND BLUE AND ROCK AND ROLL.\nReally?\nJAZZ IS SEEN BY MANY AS AMERICA'S CLASSICAL MUSIC\nThat is true
I colored my gray hair for years, and finally decided to stop.  Now hair color is a fashion trend!\nHi buddy, I like hair colouring but i afraid because hair will fall\nChemicals on hair are never good, I agree.  Apparently people in the US don't care, spending almost 1.9 BILLION on hair color.\nOk good. What colour is so famous in US\nWell, since red hair only occurs naturally in 1-2% of the population, many dye their hair a shade of red.\nYEs I like blue shaded. Burgrandi is so famous.
I love Jazz music it is so soothing and the sound just makes you want to dance all night. \nI know it is considered to be "America's classical music."  But I don't know a lot about it. \nIt is originated back in the late 1900's I know a little about the sound because my granddad played the genre alot. \nCool. I know it is considered "one of America's original art forms." Do you have a favorite Jazz musician?\nOf course you should listen to Nina Simone she is a great women Jazz singer her voice is amazing. 
what can you tell me about editing?\nEditing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media\nwhat else is a cool fact about editing?\nThe process of editing can involve correction, condensation, organization, and many other modifications in order to perform accurate and complete work.\nwhat are some cool editing programs or ways to edit\nWhen it comes to editing images, many graphic software programs are used, such as vector graphics editors, raster graphics editors, and 3D modelers.\nEditing
A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads, do you know any bakers?\nYes i do. I am actually a baker. I love to bake cakes all the time\nSince you are a baker you must work at a bakery! What a coincidence!\nYes it is. Do you bake at all?\nI don't really but since grains have been a staple food of humanity for millennia it is a very old activity, I should really learn.\nyes, you should. it is very easy and fullfilling. alot of people are intimidated by it, but its easy
I absolutely love the color red. Strawberries are red and ladybugs, many of my favorites.
I have brown hair. It's really very common.\nhow did you get brown hair?
Have you ever changed the color of your hair?\nNo, that is something i have never done and i don't know much about it.\nThe main reason it's done is to cover grey or to change the color for fashion or to restore the original color after the sun.\nThen i could definitely use a color change.  Can i change my color to any color, or are there a few choices?
I love the 1980s music one of my favorite artists is michael jackson
the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light,is RED.I love the color ,like the mars\nIt is red\nRed has a wavelength of approximately 625740 nanometres.\nOK tell me more about red colour \nMars is made up of redline form\nTell me more about the red line for me of mars
Hi, I own a Ferrari, an Italian sports car. Do you?\nNo i do not. But i wish to have one. Which type of ferrari do you own\nI own a 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO, most expensive car in history!\nWow. you must have some loads of money. What feature on it makes it so special and expensive? \nThe fact that it was powered by Ferrari's Tipo 168/62 V12 engine. A very powerful engine indeed!\nWell maybe. How fast can it go?
I have super super dark brown hair most people think my hair is black\ndoes your family also have dark hair - true black hair is a dominant genetic trait among people of all backgrounds and ethnicities\nI know my mom is a red head, I never met my dad but my mom said his hair color was the same, and he was very light complected like myself and my mom\nThat's interesting because a darker person usually have more individual hair follicles on their scalp so they are darker.  Are you siblings the same?\nI have 1 brother blonde and blue eyed\nIs the blond yellowish color?  Very different than brown/almost black hair!  The 2 types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin make up hair color. \nno it is very very blond, not a yellow color at all\nI wonder if skin color has anything to do with it - skin pigmentation is also genetic from their birth parents. \nWe are both very light complected, as well as both my parents, not sure where the dark hair came from as far as my dad goes, somewhere back in the genes I guess
I like Target. It's the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States\nYes, I like shopping there too. They have some different items than other similar stores.\nYeah, they have interesting things in their stores. They have found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.\nYes, they definitely have found a niche in the market. I wished they were in some of the smaller cities though.
I know that overeating leads to weight gain (obesity if I'm not careful) but this summer I have just felt soooo hungry. I thought people lose weight in the summer?\nMaybe it's all the watermelon making people gain weight in the summer\nI bet you're right! Maybe no eating disorfer lol, just water weight for giant watermelons.\nAh well, eating disorders are serious things. Unfortunate things.\nI wouldn't go as far as saying I need to do a 12 step program for food addicts but I for sure need to padlock the cookie jar. I was slightly underweight but that's not a concern anymore. I've gain 15 this past year. \nWow, I didn't know food addiction was a thing\nIt seriously is. I think us humans can addicted to anything, but that's my opinion. Over eating also causes addictive behaviors. I personally need self discipline, it would benefit my family too \nYeah, food is pretty unhealthy these days
I like to bake things in an oven\nThat's great! What kinds of things?
Obesity seems to be a real problem these days, especially among young people. \nDo you agree that obesity is mostly preventable through social changes and personal choices?\nI think that society has lost the ability to prepare healthy meals at home and we rely too heavily on fast food and junk food. It can be addicting. \nThat definitely leads to the United States having the highest obesity rates in the world.\nYes. I think we need to go back to teaching basic cooking skills in school, like they do in Britain. \nYes, but in France, childhood obesity is growing faster than obesity in adults\nOh dear, I didn't know that. So it's not just an American problem. I think lack of exercise plays a huge role too. \nYes, lack of exercise and food manufacturer's marketing towards children.  Laws around it have really evolved in recent years.\nHopefully that will help. Obesity is a tremendous drain our our healthcare systems. 
Have you ever colored your hair? Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color :)\nI see. No i have not. But i will like to know the process involved 
One of my favorite stores to go to is Target. Mainly because they seem to have the best mix of quality and price.\nMe too! Target was founded in Minnesota which is where I'm from. Everyone around here loves Target. \nOh cool, how long has Target been around then?
I really love the number 7!
I kind of want to get more into making pasta, so I want to learn about pasta in general to get a handle on it. What can you tell me about it?\nWell pasta is a staple of itallian cuisine with it's first reference in Siciliy in 1154\nHoly cow.. so it's been around for a while, huh? What are some more prominent pasta dishes?
I have brown hair that's so light that when you look at it under certain types of light, it looks blonde!
Red is my favorite color.\nMine is green!\nI like it cause it is next to orange and opposite violet.\nI generally prefer warmer colors :D
hello, everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit\nThat's so nice of you! Dogs love those hard biscuits, it's like how humans love snack food!\nshe loves it and likes to do a twirl before she gets one, so cute\nThat's so cute! You're also helping to improve her health with those biscuits! They help clean her teeth!\nyea, that is the main reason i feed them to her, for her teeth\nDoes she like the flat, bone-shaped ones? Those are my dog's favorite!\nthe shape does not really matter to her, just the size, she has a small mouth
Gospel music is a genre of Christian soul songs . I just love it dont you?\nI don't personally like religious music that much myself.  When did Gospel music first come about?
i like to go wine tasting. i feel its a great way to meet like minded people. How about you??\nI love wine, but I haven't gone wine tasting in a while. Tell me about your latest experience. \ni found the last wine tasting to be quite sensory enhancing. \nNice. Well, enjoying wine definitely involves several senses - sight, taste, smell. 
Have you ever heard of Chronic fatigue syndrome?
My favorite color is red.\nRed is a nice vibrant colour it is close to orange what do you like so much about it?\nI like how its bold and solid.
Comic-Con in San Diego sounds like a great time, have you ever been there?
I know the San Diego Comic-Con is coming up soon! I would love to attend this event! Have you ever been?\nNo, but it does  sound   kind of fun. It waas founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970\nI had no idea it had been around that long! Can you tell me more about the convention?\nI believe that some San Diengans named Shel Dorf, richard Alf, Ken Krueger and Mike Towry started it\nWere they somehow affiliated with the comic industry?\nNot sure. I like that it lasts for four days, Thursday thru Sunday and is in the summer, July.\nI know that people camp outside for DAYS to get inside, especially Hall H!\nThere is also a preview night for attendees before it starts so they can be first to walk the exhibit hall.\nIt sounds like so much fun! I've only been to a Walker Stalker Con for the Walking Dead.
I'm always surprised at how many people suffer from obesity in the US. It's so unhealthy to carry all that extra body fat!\nI unfortunately suffer from obesity, it's tough.\nA few cases of obesity are caused primarily by genes or some medications.\nWhat about diet or lack of exercise?\nAbsolutely. The most common cause of obesity is a combination of excessive food intake and a lack of exercise.\nWhat are some steps to battle obesity?\nThe best way to prevent or combat it is through a combination of social changes and personal choices like eating less and exercising more.\nDoes sugar intake contribute to the prevalence of obesity?
My dog loves dog bisquits. I give them to her throughout the day. They are the hard and dry type. \nAwww! That's cute! Do you give them to her as a reward for doing something specific, like a trick?\nWhen she was younger I did. Now it's more as a dietary supplement and a snack, like us humans. \nI'll bet she loves that! Do the bisquits have vitamins and other health benefits?
When I am stressed, I overeat. Last night I ate a whole pizza by mself!\nI'm sorry! Sounds like you might struggle with overeating. Basically meaning that you eat an excess of food in relation to what you need.\nRight! Are there any good ways to combat this weakness?
7 is my favorite number it means so much to me\nIn the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke\nHow are they written on stroke?
I study philosophy at umass\nThat's impressive. It's a huge university - the biggest in New England I believe. How many years have you been there?\nI barley started there. I heard they had a good research facility. Is that true?\nIf spending is anything to go by, yes they do. In 2014 UMass research expenditures were over $200 million!\nWow, that's insane! How do they rank in comparison to other universities?
Obesity is a medical conditions where excess fat has accumulated and may have a negative affect on health.\ni know all about it\nSometimes people are considered obese when their BMI is in the range of being overweight. BMI is known as body mass index. \nwhat is considered obese ?
Hi, I love eating pasta,  a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine\nWow who discovered pasta?\nCavatelli of Italy is known for making pasta-like dishes depending on region and town. \nSweet. What year did they start making pasta?\nIn 1900s, Pastas may be divided into two broad categories, so around that time.\nWow, how many categories of pastas are there?
I enjoy rock and roll music. I recently took a trip to the Rock and Roll hall of fame which was fantastic. Do you like rock music?\nI do! I especially love Classic Rock and the sound of the electric guitars\nYEah, Led Zepplin, The Guess Who- those guys were great. Modern rock is so different. I can't stand Fall Out Boy, for example. 
HI, are you interested in physical fitness, not just working out but good nutrition and proper rest?\nI am interested! I have had trouble sleeping recently.
Red is one of my favorite colors. Its at the end of the visible spectrum.\nIt's never been one I've gravitated towards. But I'm open to learning more about all colors. What can you tell me about it to get me interested?\nIt was often used by roman generals to celebrate victory. Do you have a favorite color?\nForest green, I think. That.. sounds kind of cool, that it was a symbolism for victory. To have such a strong association with a color, especially back then because winning was so important. Are there any more fun facts?\nForest Green? The red you see in geology for example, the Grand Canyon, comes from iron oxide.\nAre there any other natural examples of red? Or any other parts of life that red is prominent?
i have brown hair but i dye it black\nBrown hair is actually the second most popular hair color after black! My hair is brown too.\ni didn't know that i thought blond hair would be second most popular after black
I love the color Red! It is so bright and vibrant!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange, it is actually a very interesting color\nWhat 2 colors can you mix together to make red?
Red is a wonderful color and is opposite violet on the color spectrum.\ni love the color red, specially beacuse my favorite flowers are roses\nRed usually has a wavelength up to 740 nanometers.\nThat is really interesting, i really like to wear red shirts and hoodies, what a bout you
I know many people think of pasta as Italian, but I love it here in America!\nThere is indefinitely a difference between what American's consider pasta and what Italians consider pasta.
Have you been to San Diego Comic-Con?! It's such a big part of popular culture, and has grown so much since it's early days as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970!\nI haven't cosplay culture has always been on the fringe of my social circles though, I see a ton of it on Reddit.\nThere are some *amazing* cosplay creations and creators! Do you have a favorite? A specific character or costume?\nI personally love Geralt from the Witcher series, anyone who can resemble him is some kinda cool guy\nI must admit I'm unfamiliar -- I only know that the Witcher Saga is huge -- isn't it a series or about to be?!\nIt is going to be on Netflix soon yes!
I think a lot of people want to blame obesity on the person, but I think some cases can be blamed on genes.  What do you think?\nI think that genes do have some to do with obesity with different health problems\nMe too the problems with obesity are obvious, as it can cause many diseases and conditions like type 2 diabetes and even cancer.\nIt can also lead to heart disease and stroke as well making it even harder to be active to not be obese..\nWhat really worries is child obesity, it is becoming more common and it is becoming a serious public health concern.\nI agree, children are being less active with having my electronics available to them so that can cause a bigger problem when someone may have a hypothyroid that is causing the obesity.
I love the colour red. Its so vibrant.\nI do too. It really pops!\nWe couldnt have any cool RGB things in our computers without it. Its one of the primary colors.\nWhat does it mean to be a primary color?
Do you dye your hair?\nI have never colored my hair, i do not want to change my hair color\nI dye it a medium brown because I'm starting to get white hairs. I hate them!
I have never drank alcohol\nThat is good, its ok not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol\nWell at least I will never be an alcoholic
hey my favorite colors red \nI like red also, but I think my favorite color would be aqua or teal.\nI sometimes like purple to because its unique since its made from red and blue \nI love how the colors all blend to make new colors, it's very interesting.\nmy favorite toys when I was young was Care Bears and they were created in 1981\nMy sister really liked those and My LIttle Pony as well.
How did the idea of dog biscuit come about?
Target is one of my favorite stores. It's way better than Walmart.\nTarget is the second largest now, right behind Walmart\nWow, I didn't know that.  Are there Target stores outside of the USA?
I really like the number 7. Can you tell me anything about it?\nits a natural number preceding 8 and following 6\nI think it is a lucky number. Wonder why 7 is associated with luck.\nNot sure? The hindus in the beginning wrote 7 in one stroke as a curve\nI see. I have seen 7 written with a line through it as well. How interesting.
i'd like to know about 7 from you
Hi there! This is a funny question but what is your favorite number? Mine is 7 which is the natural number following 6 and right before 8\nMine happens to be 7 as well! Many seems to associate 7 as being a lucky number.\nIt is a prime number so it cannot be formed by multiplying two smaller natural numbers\nYes, there are various other prime numbers as well!
People don't think enough about early child care.  Quaility care at a young age can have a big impact on the child's future success.\nI agree my kids have been in daycare from 2 months and up and once my oldest got age 2 I changed her to a private christian academy education is so important. \nTypically children are taken care of by parents or siblings, but daycare is very popular in the U.S.\nIt became popular because of the fact parents have to go to work the rates are sky high as well. \nOh yeah, day care is basically the term that describes that.  it's a service usually during specific hours for while the parents are at work.\nYou have a few that services 24 hour but rarely, I think tat's what come into play also in child care as you mentioned earlier where parents lack but some can't afford that fee or it doesn't fit their schedule.
Chronic fatigue syndrome is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue, do you have chronic fatigue?\nI do not think so, but I certainly would not like to have it!
Red is an awesome color.\nI love red, it is next to orange on the visible light spectrum.\nOh yea? I love both those colors.\nSame here, red has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.\nthats cool.\nIt is also a complimentary color to cyan which is surprising to me.\nRed and bue are both great colors.
I love to read fiction how about you?\nyes i love the classification for any story or setting that is derived from imagination of the author!\nYeah some are really good! do you have a favorite?\ni enjoy gothic fiction, which is largely known by the subgenre of gothic horror, is a genre or mode of literature and film that combines fiction and horror or death\nYeah like lovecraft?\nwell something like Horace Walpole would write such as the 1974 novel The castle of Otranto - A Gothic Story\nThat is really cool!\nyes and Horace is actually an English Art historian, a man of letters and a antiquarian \nYou know a ton. what else should i know aout it?
I like baking food items.  The most common type of item backed is bread. Do you know anything about baking? \nYes I bake cookies for my kids. I usually use the oven.\nI also use baking in combination with grilling to make a hybrid type of barbecue.  Do you mix up cooking techniques? \nPrince (musician)
I would like to go to the San Diego comic con one day.  have you ever been?\nI have once, for a short time only, its nice its a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nI have seen on the internet that people dress up as their favorite characters.  Would i be out of place if i dressed up like Mr. Pickles, the dog from the cartoon network?\nNice, a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests, you can get lucky and see someone famous too!\nIf i understand correctly, they just sit around and read comic books?  Between the costume, airfare, hotel, and meals, it seems like quite an expensive hobby.
I work for a railroad company as a train conductor.\nThat sounds fun! You're responsible for the duties that involve the train operation? \nYep! I make sure that the train runs on schedule and I also direct the train's movement.\nThe name "conductor" is most used in North America. People in other areas of the world have other names for it. Do you ever work internationally? \nUnfortunately, I don't work internationally, but I have been on trains when I visited other countries. What other names do they have for a conductor?
Have you ever colored your hair? I made mine purple once as a kid!\nNo, I've never dyed my hair, but I've been thinking of doing it recently, due to my gray hair.\nOh, that is sad, but it could make a big difference, maybe it will make you feel younger!
I have a friend who is suffering from obesity, do you know what that is? 
Red the color at the end of the visible light spectrum looks good on everyone. Don't you think?\nI am more of a fan of green.  That would leave us only one primary color: Blue.\nBut the dominant wavelength of red is approximately 625740. That's impressive!\nHey, i have seen many a red sunset, and the wavelength you have mentioned is the reason.\nI'm sure those sunsets were brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion. The most beautiful red.\nAh yes, vermillion.  I like that almost as well as scarlet.
Red is such a great color!\nRed is a dynamic and exciting color that many see as romantic.\nAgreed, red is also on the opposite side of the spectrum as violet.\nRed is a primary color as well. It just goes so well with many color combinations.
Is obesity as big of a problem in america as some people are making it out to be?\nSadly, I think it is. Two out of three men in the US are considered to be obese or overweight and the rates for women are actually much higher.\nOh wow, really? Would you happen to know an overall percentage of obesity in America? \nI don't know the exact numbers, but the US contains one of the highest percentage of obese people in the entire world. That's not a good statistic for us!\nOh, no it's not! Is there anything the average american can do to fight obesity?
Hey, I really love Jazz music, that originates from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nYeah jazz music is ok.  Who is your favorite artist? \nI don't have anyone specific. But I enjoy the classic sound from the 1920s Jazz Age. It was one of the genres most prominent times.\nWhat do you think of Miles Davis? 
I have a friend who is struggling maintaining her sobriety. She says it's tough to achieve a life balance.\nStruggling with addiction is so hard you're a good person for listening to her. Is it drugs or alcohol?\nThank you. It's alcohol. She spent some time in a treatment setting to get started on the path to sobriety, but now that she's out, she's having a tough time.\nLet her know you'll be there for her during thoughts of relapse. Is she attending AA classes? I know those help a lot.\nShe isn't, but I'll definitely pass on the suggestion! She said the first physical effects of withdrawal were tough, but the second stage, PAWS, might be worse!\nCan you tell me what PAWS means? Hopefully she has an AA sponsor!\nPAWS stands for post acute withdrawal syndrome. During this stage recovering addicts usually experience emotional and psychological symptoms. It's due to their brain trying to regain normal function. \nThat's sounds unbelievably hard to deal with! The fact you know this means you care a lot for your friend! Thank you for sharing!
My favorite color is red. I think it looks great by itself or contrasted with blue. Do you like red?
I love exercising! It is funny how not too long ago, fitness was considered the mere capacity to carry out daily activities without becoming fatigued! Do you like to exercise?\nI used to but i don't really anymore.  What kind of exercise do you do?\nI love any exercise really. Anything that helps me enhance or maintain fitness and overall health and wellness. Do you like to exercise?\nI don't really like to exercise anymore. i just don't have the time. \nOh, well it's very important. I'm sure you know that it boosts the immune systems and helps prevent diseases like heart disease, diabetes, and obesity!\nyes i know i should make time for it, and i could stand to lose a few pounds.  sometimes life gets too hectic though. \nIt does but please make time for it! It can prevent cardiovascular disease like angina and myocardial infarction!\ni will certainly take that into consideration.  you have given me a lot to think about.
Hi, so my favorite food is pasta. What's yours?\nI love pasta, although I try not to eat to much of it. What's your favorite pasta dish?\nCajun Chicken Pasta. OH man it's good\nI've never had it! I love pasta with bolognese sauce, that's with meat. \nThat sounds great to me! But, I like to add a whole bunch of things to it, like chicken. Makes it unhealthy though\nIt does sound good though. What other pasta dishes do you like? Lasagne?\nYup! Carbonara is another, but I feel like that's a pretty general one that people like as well
Do you have brown hair? I have super dark brown hair, its really long too.\nMe too I have brown hair it is the second most popular color, the first is black.\nwhen i was a little girl, i had blonde natural highlights through my hair. now its just brown with some grey streaks haha\nThe color is due to pigment eumelamin, the more eumelamin there is, the color will be darker. \nive always wondered about what casues the color change! Do you know any other interesting facts about hair?\nThere is more hair one the head of people of darker hair color. \nso blondes are always have thinner hair?
Target is one of my favorite stores. It's way better than Walmart.\nTarget is the second largest now, right behind Walmart\nWow, I didn't know that.  Are there Target stores outside of the USA?\nThere was a Canadian subsidiary but it went bust.\nHow is it like to work at Target?\nI am not sure but they did have a massive security breach sometime ago\nI enjoy the snack bar at Target.  Does every Target have a snack bar?
I wish i would learn to bake\nIts an honourable profession. To bake and sometimes sells bread\nyes, so do all bakers bake bread?
I once swam with manta rays. They are beautiful creatures.\nManta rays are very beautiful! They are typically found in warmer subtropical waters.\nWhat do manta rays eat?\nThey are actually filter feeders, so they feed on zooplankton.\nAre manta rays at risk of being endangered?\nI'm not sure if they are at risk, but they are definitely protected by the Convention of Migratory Species of Wild Animals.\nThat's good to know. How do they reproduce?
Jazz is considered by many to be Americas classical music.\nIt can be soothing for sure..do you like jazz\nI do because it has swing and blue notes and smooth vocals.\nIt is great music to just sit and relax too
I love rap music\nSnoop Dog is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr\nYeah I would kind of hope his real first name isn't Snoop
I love the color red.  Hematite or ochre causes the red color at the Grand Canyon.\nRed is my favorite color! What is hematitie or ochre and why does it cause the color red?\nHematite is iron oxide and is widespread in rock and soil.\nIs it prevalent in the Grand Canyon?
I like the colour red; it's a primary colour.\nRed is a very nice color. Vibrant and looks good on cars.\nYes; there are many different shades fo red. My favourite is scarlet.\nScarlet is a beautiful shade of red! Crimson is another if I'm not wrong?\nYes, there are lots of different shades of red. Interestingly, a shade is red mixed with black, and a tint is red mixed with white - so pink could be a tint of red.\nWow, that's crazy. I know most people consider pink and red very different colors, but I can see how pink could be a shade of red, mixed with white.
Hey! I'm really into rock and roll music. \nMe too! My favourite is The Beach Boys\nOh, what do you like about them the most? \nThey're highly influential especially because of their vocal harmonies and surf songs\nTrue. Brian Wilson is a legend. I have a pristine copy of the album Pet Sounds on vinyl.\nThat's amazing, I can't believe that's their 11th studio album!\nAre you into any other bands from that era?
Red is an awesome color.\nI love red, it is next to orange on the visible light spectrum.\nOh yea? I love both those colors.\nSame here, red has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.\nthats cool.
I love rap music. I recently bought an album from snoop dogg.\nI adore Snoop Dogg!  Turns out his real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.!  I think I like Snoop Dog better!\nlol yeah, that's a funny name for a gangster. Do you know what his debut album was called? I'm trying to buy that one too.\nHis debut album was called Doggy style, and it was totally awesome!\nDidn't he release a song about his murder trial?
Jazz music is so fun to listen to!\nI enjoy Jazz also. Jazz is pretty much America's classical music.\nYeah, it's so creative and is the result of blended cultures
What is your favorite number?\n7 is a cool number but i like 17 myself.\n7 is my favorite.  It's a powerful number. What do you like about 17?
I really like the color red, its been my favorite color since i was a little kid.\nI like red because of the emotions it represents, like fire and passion.\nExactly! IT can be very romantic also, like for valentimes day
I love baking. Do you like to bake?\nYes I love using prolonged dry heat to make cookies!\nnice. what does that mean?\nIt means I put the dough, normally in the an oven, and wait for it to dry.\nOh I see. I am a terrible baker though.
Red is the colour I love.What's your type of color?\nI like blue. Why do you like red?\nBecause next to orange and opposite violet.\ndo you like colors that are in that specific range?
I give my dog two dog biscuits when he is a good boy.\nAww! That's cute! And actually, you're doing something good for his health! Dry, hard dog biscuits can help clean a dog's teeth!\nThat what I have heard and he just loves them!\nI'll bet! Dogs seem to like dog biscuits like humans love snack food! I know I'd be happy if someone handed me snack food a few times a day! Ha!\nSame! Do you know what the treats are made of?
I like the color red. It is at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange. \nRed is so pretty, I always feel like it means love \nApparently the red in a sunset is the result of Rayleigh scattering.\nOh wow, I never knew that, what is Rayleigh scattering\nIt's a pretty complicated term but it involves the scattering of light by particales much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation.\nSo Rayleigh scattering must be the reason we see the colors the way we do
I love pasta if I could eat it everyday I would the noodles and flour taste just gets me I'm a starchy kind of girl lol.\nI love mac and cheese. Any kinda carb really lol.\nHow about dumplings I love homemade dumplings with chicken, potatoes and fresh vegetables. \nI like them when they are cooked the right way. I don't like them dry. I wish I could make them. 
I love christmas! speccially because my favorite color Red is everywhere you go!, do you like the color red?
I wish my hair were nice and brown like my youngest daughter, but I have dirty blond instead.\nAfter black hair, the most common is brown\nI wish I was that lucky.  What else can you tell me about brown hair - like do brunettes really have all the fun?
Hey, so what do you do in terms of physical fitness?
I have a high body weight, and am considered obese. I really struggle with finding motivation to exercise.\nHi buddy, Most of the people are generally considered obese when their BMI\nI agree, do you any ideas that might help me with motivation?
Ferrari are italian sports cars.\nI love Ferraris, they are really beautiful sports cars.\nYea they were founded by enzo ferrari in 1939\nWow that is so long ago, I haven't seen any that old before.
I would love to take a wine tasting course.\nWine tasting has been around since the 14th century.  I really love wine so a wine tasting course would be fun.\nI love wine too!  I remember doing some wine tasting when I visited Napa, but I would like to learn more about different wines
My favorite color is red do you like it?
I love comic cons. The san diego one is a really fun annual event.\nWow, they look like a lot of fun
I want to learn more about jazz music
Child care is the act of looking after a child. Many working parents will put their children in child care.\nyes and child care can be as expensive as college\nYes it can. But it provides parents the opportunity to work and make more money for the family, and allows children to begin their education sooner.\nAbsolutely and it helps the children socialize\nExactly. In recent years, early education is a important policy issue for lawmakers.\nyes.  early education has proven to be very important in future success
I love going on wine tasting tours in the Niagara region\nI've never gone wine tasting before but I know about it.\nIt is a great experience.  Not only do you get buzzed but you learn how to drink wine properly.  It sounds pompous but it really makes a difference.\nIt really does sound like a great time, as it is a sensory evaluation of the wine.\nDepending on where the wine hits your tongue it tastes completely different.  This is why different types of wine are served in different glasses \nI know what you mean. Also, wine tasting has been around since ancient times.\nDid the Romans or Greeks have wine tastings similar to common day wine tastings?
Being Italian I love pasta. Have you have real homemade pasta? \nI have had fresh pasta produced by hand when I lived in Italy, but have not in years\nMake it your self. Tonight I had homemade pasta with rabbit sausage. Tomorrow it's rabbit Lasagna.\nWow I have heard of making it by hand with flour and water and eggs but thought it was extremely hard\nNot really. If you don't mind thicker noodles you can make it easily on a counter top. Takes about 20 minutes, \nI imagine is fresh pasta is much better than dried pasta.  How do you make it?\nAll it is, is egg's salt, flour and water. If you can cook toast you can make pasta. \nIs it hard to make the pasta into various shapes?\nDepends on what shape. You can use a cookie cutter or super sharp knife. 
I love pasta! It is a must have for Italians! My favorite is plain noodles with butter and Parmesan cheese. \nI love pasta too and am also Italian background! But I prefer it with marinara sauce. \nButter and Parmesan is one of the oldest ways to serve pasta.\nI did not know that, maybe I should try it sometime. What other foods do you like?\nI do also like fettuccine alfredo, which is a spin-off of butter and parmesan noodles, made popular in the mid 20th century.\nYou know a lot about pasta! My grandparents used to make their pasta at home from scratch, I always found that the most delicious. 
Do you like to bake things?\nYes I quite enjoy it. Bread is the one thing that is baked most often.\nI have always wanted to make my own bread, is it hard?\nNot really, you use flour and water, not to mention yeast. That is just regular white bread, I love making pumpkin bread.\nThat sounds interesting well, I am not sure I have ever had pumpkin bread. Is that your favorite to make?\nOh yeah, I love to mix in cream cheese with it too. It's nice to watch in the oven, how it heats from the surface into the center making it rise.\nThat sounds really good. How did you learn to bake?
I am obese due to having excess body fat.\nI am overweight as well
Jazz has got to be one of my favorite music genres.\nreally? It reminds me of that movie where he's obsessed with jazz
I love 80s popular music.  The era had all the jams!\nYeah I wish I grew up during the 80s great hair, women were stylish, music was a banger.
Hello!  Are you into baking cakes?  \nI love to eat them, but I've never baked them before. It is difficult?\nIt is not that difficult.  You just have to use the correct ingredients like flour, eggs etc. \nWhat do you do with all of the ingredients? Do you throw them in a bowl?\nYou throw them in a bowl in the correct proportions, then put them in an oven, sort of like you would with a barbecue in a masonry oven. \nThat doesn't sound too difficult. How long does it take to bake a cake?
Overeating is a serious problem in the USA.\nOvereating food in excess is quite disgusting but so many people dont stop their kids\nFast food chains also make it worse, I would say.\novereating so much food is because they aim stuff at children , tis really terrible\nYes, I agree. I think Americans need to rethink their food choices.
Black hair is the most common color and the darkest hair color\nReally?  Tell me more about this.\nBlack hair is a dominant trait and is found in people of all ethnicities\nThat makes sense. I wonder what is least common?
I'm thinking about coloring my hair soon, any tips?\nFor sure. Are you just ready for a change? The main reason people dye is for cosmetic reasons.\nYeah, just want a change from the norm. What highlight colors would go good with dark brown hair?
Pasta is great with so many things.\nI know, I love italian food and especially a staple like pasta.\nIts so good and has spread through so many cultures as well.\nThey are very simple, as they are a noodle of unleavened dough.\nYep, its such a basic idea that works so well.\nEven if they are throughout many cultures, pasta are primarily Italian cuisine.\nYea but noodles are dominant everywhere.\nTrue, they are made of water, eggs, and flour mostly.\nYea simple recipe but hard to execute.
I like target but they are a little pricey \nWell the Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer store in all of the US.\nCool! How much is there revenue ?\nI havent seen their financial records but the Target Corporation is listed on the S&P Index.\nInteresting! please tell me more about this company.\nThe Target Corporation was founded by George Dayton. Its headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.\nI never knew that! How many stores are there?\nIm not entirely sure how many stores the Target Corporation has. The first one was opened in 1962 in Roseville, Minnesota.\nThanks for the info!
I used to have very blonde hair and now I've got really brown hair which is the second most common color.\nThat's interesting. I myself had blonde hair til like 11 years and then it turned brown.\nHow dark did it get? Mine is pretty dark but it can vary from dark to light brown.\nThat's cool. It's pretty light actually when i get sun it turns a little more blondish, but still mostly brown.\nThat's the same as mine actually. It makes sense that brown hair is so common since it is very common in western populations.\nYeah that's true. I live in the US and I'm a mix of a bunch of western european countries.
I have only dyed my hair once. nothing permanent a rinse really. WOuld you dye your hair\nyes I have but the reason was  to cover my white  hair\nI love seeing silvery white hair. My kids laugh at me because I have two strands and I brush my hair to make sure they show. LOL. What color did you use?
Hello, are you into a physical fitness routine? \nI do not currently have one no.
Do you enjoy Jazz which is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans. It developed from blues and ragtime. \nI love Jazz music. Its my favorite kind of music who is your favorite Jazz musician?
Hi. I'm baking cookies. Do you like to bake?\nI don't think I have enough skill to bake yet, but maybe would like to try\nIf you want to try something easy, start with bar cookies, you can take the ingredients for chocolate chip cookies and bake them in a pan for bar cookies.\nThat reminds me of how the chocolate chip cookie was first created in 1938 by Ruth Graves\nHow did that happen?\nShe randomly decided to put bits of chocolate into a normal cookie!\nDid it become popular right away?\nI believe Ruth kept the recipe a secret for many years after.\nDid she sell or publish the recipe eventually?
I don't know a lot about motorcycles but I have heard of Harley-Davidson 
I enjoy Gouda cheese on my salads and sandwiches. Do you like Gouda cheese?\nI do, although it's not my favorite. It's one of the most popular chesses in the world.\nIt's not my favorite, as it is a bit too pungent to eat too often. But, it's good on certain foods.
I love to exercise. How often is recommended?\nIt is recommended to get 150 minutes of moderate exercise a week or 75 minutes of intense exercise. \nWhat kind of exercises are good?\nWeight training is great!  It is training for developing size and strength of skeletal muscles!\nCool, how about nutrition?\nNutrition is very important to good health.  Not just strength, but also immune system.\nIs sleep important too?\nBig time. Especially REM sleep.  REM is known as the restorative part of our sleep cycle.\nWhat is REM sleep?
I love Snoop Dogg, are you a fan of his music?\nSnoop has made a better living off of smoking Marijuana than Cheech and Chong ever did.  They don't get the respect they deserve, they were far ahead of their time.\nHaha, you are definitely right about that. I like his song Gin and Juice, have you heard of it?\ncan't remember.  i just remember the song from "nice dreams', the one where they drove the ice cream truck that went; "mama talking to me try to tell me how to live, she can't tell me nothin cause my head is like a sieve".\nI'm not familiar with that song. When was the Nice Dreams album released, if it was an album?
I really enjoy the color red. It can denote passion and love. What is your favorite color?
My favorite number is seven, also the 7 number is a natural number following 6 and preceding 8\noh the number 7 is sweet.. thats my fav number as well\nThats great !  Another fact about 7 is that hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke that looked like a J\nthats very interesting\nYeah , another interesting fact is that the Easter Arabs developed the 7 from a 6 lookalike the number looked like a capital V\nwhen did they start doing that
I have been trying to lose my pregnancy weight recently and just started a new exercise program this week.
My favorite color is red. I think it looks great by itself or contrasted with blue. Do you like red?\nI love red from the bluish-red of crimson to the yellow tinged scarlet, it is probably the most prominent color.\nYes, there are so many shades of red. I think my favorite one is firehouse red, which is very bright and luminous. Red is also a primary color.\nYea its been a big part across many cultures due to it being the color of blood, it was used in Mayans and Egyptians ceremonies, as well as by the Romans.\nThat is a great point. They must have attached a lot of significance to red. I wonder if they even dressed in red.
Overeating is a serious problem in the USA.\nOvereating food in excess is quite disgusting but so many people dont stop their kids\nFast food chains also make it worse, I would say.
My favorite color is red! I think it is bright and cheerful. Do you know anything about the color red?\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat's really cool. What do they say about how the color red makes you feel?\nIt is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model, and is the complementary \nThat sounds neat. What else do you know about the color red?
Do you happen to know any twins?\nI have some friends who are fraternal twins - one a boy and one a girl\nWhat is the difference between fraternal and identical?\nIdentical twins develop from one zygote, while fraternal develop from two different eggs\nSo I guess then boy/girl twins are always fraternal.\nThat would be correct.  Each egg has its own sperm cell\nIt's very interesting how twins seem to run in certain families - is it hereditary?
I really want to get into jazz music but there's so much to learn.\nThere is a lot. It all started in New Orleans from the African American communities.\nThat's interesting! I've also heard there are multiple types of jazz. What kind would you say you prefer?\nI really enjoy ragtime. Jazz really has roots there from their culture.\nI don't think I have ever heard of that. I'll need to check it out. Who are some famous Jazz musicians you would recommend?
Jazz music is so fun to listen to!
I like the colour red; it's a primary colour.\nRed is a very nice color. Vibrant and looks good on cars.\nYes; there are many different shades fo red. My favourite is scarlet.\nScarlet is a beautiful shade of red! Crimson is another if I'm not wrong?\nYes, there are lots of different shades of red. Interestingly, a shade is red mixed with black, and a tint is red mixed with white - so pink could be a tint of red.\nWow, that's crazy. I know most people consider pink and red very different colors, but I can see how pink could be a shade of red, mixed with white.\nYes; I personally think of pink as it's own colour - it's been a colour name since the 17th century!\nPink is my very favorite color. Almost everything I own is pink, but since pink can be a shade of red, I guess I love red too!
Everyday i buy my dog some dog biscuits, he loves them!
My favorite color is red. It is a primary color in the RGB color model!\nMy favorite color is orange. It derives from the color red and yellow.\nNeat! Orange is nice! Color even influences perceptions such as the taste of food!\nYes it does indeed. Yellow is a major color used in Fast food logos and packaging. 
I like going to comedy clubs such as Carolines on Broadway. It is one of the most famous comedy clubs. Do you like comedy clubs? \nI have only been to one but I loved it\nI like that stand-up comedy is just a comedian reciting stories in a monologue. \nOh ok is that like open mic night or different?
I love rock and roll music.  Do you know much about the genre?\nIt's a genre of popular music that came about in the United States around the late 40s/early 50s, from African American musical styles, like gospel, jump blues, jazz, boggie woogie, and with some country music thrown into the mix!\nSo it has a lot of influences.  When was rock music the most popular?\nPerhaps in the 1950s and mid 1960s, as this was the time when the "more encompassing international style" of rock music came about\nIs rock and roll still popular today?  \nIt's hard to say. However, radio stations have much success playing classic rock and roll, which is a sub genre that usually has one or two electric guitars, a double bass or string bass or electric bass guitar, and a drum kit.\nI used to listen to the rock band Rolling Stones.  Are they still around today?\nThey are! Even though they were formed in 1962 and have had a long list of line-up changes, they're still around today, with Mick Jagger still leading the band.\nWow, that is a long time to be playing music.  I wonder if any other bands have been around that long.
Hello, do you really have purple hair?\nNo but I like hair dyeing.\nI see, are you a hair stylist? Or is it just something you enjoy doing?
I often incorporate drawing into what I do for a living, and LOVE a good marker! Do you create any art in any way?\nI like to draw or sketch with graphite  but I am not very good with it.\nGraphite is a great medium -- I love the smudginess it can give. Do you experiment with different hardness to get varying effects? And what paper do you prefer?\nI just use a normal pencil mostly because I just doodle.  I use just regular paper\nDoodling is a *great* way to think! Have you ever looked into sketchnoting? It's a visual way to capture information, and makes listening a lot more interesting and fun.
Do you have brown hair? I think it is a very common hair color.\nI do have brown hair, but it's almost black. Brown hair is the second most common hair of all the coors actually.\nThat's interesting. It must be a dominant gene trait then since so many people have it!
I once swam with a Manta Ray when I was on vacation in Florida.
I want to be a physician eventually, a medical practitioner.\nThat's good. What will be your duty as a physician?\nI'm not one yet but I training to be one. I'm still deciding on which disease categories, types of patients and methods of treatment I'd like to specialize in.\nOk you are still thinking, but what motivated you?\nI just to be of service to others. I have to work hard though as medical practice properly requires both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines\nYes, it does. You really need to work hard as the training requires detailed knowledge\nDefinitely. Around the world though, the term physician refers to a specialist in internal medicine\nReally, don't know that
I think that chestnut brown is a beautiful color of hair, but most women tend to dye their hair when it's brown. Do you think natural brown hair is pretty?\nI think its beautiful, they dye it i think because its the second most common hair color\nWould you consider dying your hair a crazy color for a month if you knew you could get it back to its original color at the end of the month?
I've always wanted to color my hair some wild color like purple or green, but I'm not young enough for that.\nI don't think it matter how old you are! I'd say if you want to change the hair color go for it!\nMy husband would have a heart attack if I came home with purple hair.  I have learned that the older I get, the less I care about what others think.\nMy husband would probably have a heart attack too :) But hair coloring is so popular, 75% of women color their hair!\nI color my hair to cover the gray, but recently my stylist added sunkissed highlights and I love it!\nThat's pretty cool! Did hair coloring  damage your hair? \nIt hasn't caused any damage.  But I have never used any sort of bleach or peroxide like some people do.\nNice! I'm glad it didn't \nMe too.  I have very long hair and would be so upset if I had to cut it off.
I'm not a twin, but I think it's interesting how two offspring canbe produced at the same time. \nOh yeah. I have known a lot of twins in my life and I find it a pretty cool phenomenon. \nFor fraternal twins each twin is fertalized by its own sperm cell. \nAre those the type of twins that don't look alike?\nYup, that's because they have two different combinations of DNA\nThe Olsen twins are fraternal but they look identical. I find that funny. But it makes sense because a lot of different aged siblings look just alike too.
I love to listen gospel music,how about you.\nI'm not a big fan of gospel music, or really any type of Christian music.\nSo what fan of music are you?\nI don't listen to music all that much. I've been more into audio books lately.\nSo what type of audio book are you into?\nLately I've been on a William Gibson kick.  He was one of the early cyberpunk authors in the early 80s.\nCan you tell me more about him especially on  the cyberpunk 
HI, are you interested in physical fitness, not just working out but good nutrition and proper rest?\nI am interested! I have had trouble sleeping recently.\nOh, I'm sorry to hear that. A lot of things can cause insomnia, including stress, health conditions, or even just caffeine.  Are you doing anything to manage that?\nI don't drink nearly as much caffeine as I used too. I cut out coffee almost completely.\nIt's hard to cut out caffeine! It's the most consumed psychoactive drug in the world!\nOh yeah trust me I know. I was drinking two pots of coffee a day.\nWow! I have to admit I have a problem with caffeine myself. I love coffee hot in the morning, then I switch to iced coffee later in the day.  \nI do the same thing! I love some whipped cream on my coffee in the morning.
Science Fiction often predicts future inventions, t is an act of creative imagination.\nYes, you said that right, a lot of Star Wars, or Star trek inventions became a reality \nThe difference to fantasy is that it avoids the supernational and often has a foundation in actual science. I love Star Trek as well. \nYes, science fiction can predict the future, but a lot of other shows also, like The Simpsons predicted the Ebola outbreak, have you heard of that?
Manta rays are kinda scary, I would be afraid to swim with them.
Do you know much about the San Diego Comic-Con - or Comic Con in general?\nI know that its a is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention, do you like visiting comic-cons?\nI've never been - but I think my kids and husband would like to go to one.\nIt is a four-day event (ThursdaySunday) held during the summer, so it can be a pretty interesting summer vacation for your family :D\nI would imagine there are many of interesting people there, in addition to the celebrities.
So i have a little bakery with my wife 24 cupcakes, we bake from day to night, do you like to bake?\nI bake bread which is the most common item to bake, but that's it.\nOh thats cool, good old bread one of the oldes recipes, from Jesus christ times there was bread, so baking is really old! do you like baked sweets? cupcakes cakes? \nI love all of it! I also heard that sometimes people combine baking with grilling to create a hybrid barbecue effect. Strange but fascinating.\nI didnt know about this, well theres always ways to change the texture of the most common foods, sometimes when we do not have our hoven, we pan frye the bread, and taste simular to when you bake it!\nThat's amazing. I prefer the professional touch of home bakers, since now most baking is automated by machines in factories.\nYes you can taste the diference in the baking hoven, pizzerias for example bake in wooden hovens and tastes so unique!
I love to exercise. I feel so sluggish on days when I don't work out at the gym.\nMe too! Exercise helps me with a state of health and well-being. It allows me to perform aspects of sports, work, and daily activities.\nWhat kind of sports do you like to play?
Once I swam with a Manta ray. \nThat's incredible, was it a reef manta ray? They're the biggest species out of all of them\nI really don't know they were pretty large, do you know anything else?\nThey were first given the name in 1868 by an Australian Museum director, they are relatively docile too.\nDid  you know that The greatest threat to manta rays is over fishing?
A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads, do you know any bakers?\nYes i do. I am actually a baker. I love to bake cakes all the time
I have brown hair that's so light that when you look at it under certain types of light, it looks blonde!\nHey, me too!  It is pretty common to have brown hair, you know.  It's the second most common color.\nI don't know if I want to be common though. Should I dye it so it's not brown anymore?
Do you like pasta? It's a food of tradition Italian cruise. I love it\nPasta  is one of my favorites. I'd eat it the day before a game for the carbs. \nCarbs scare me but I love pasta. Or Italian cuisine's, they are a food typically from Italy, I'd love to go there!\nItaly is beautiful. I have been to Asisi, Florence, and Rome. Their gelato does not disappoint. \nI heard it's huge! 61 million inhabitants. It's a dream to go there. So one day I will. You're lucky!\nIt is huge for such a small place. The culture is amazing as well. Everyone is so lively. 
So true story. I once swam with Manta Ray and it was awesome.\nIve never seen one up close. I know theyre mostly found in warm, subtropic waters.\nI didn't know much about them when it happened.  What countries are they found in?\nI only know they are found in the subtropics. I would assume places like Australia or wherever they can feed on zooplankton.\nDo they get pretty big?  The one I saw appeared to be a baby.
Snoop Dogg is an old school rapper with his career starting almost 30 years ago.\nYeah, he's been around a while. I wonder how many hits he's had??\nHe has sold over 23 million albums.\nYeah, that's a lot of albums. How many of them went gold or platinum? 
Do you love exercise?I do it to keep fit.Its called physical fitness.\nI do not love to exercise at all.  I know I should, and I feel better when I do, but I don't like it!\nIt's a  state of health and well-being .So I advice you should .\nYes, I agree.  I would feel much better if I did it more often.  It is hard to find the time.  Do you exercise at home or in a gym?\nBoth home and gym.We are adviced by Occupational safety and health (OSH), \nI would like join my local YMCA, they have a gym and offer free childcare for members.  It is hard to find places to work out since I have children.  \nYeah I know.But staying healthy is important.You enroll them in day care.\nDaycare is very expensive here.  I four children, so it is more affordable for me to stay home, than put them all in daycare. But, options like the YMCA make it more convenient for me to go and exercise.  i just need to sign up!
Working at a daycare is tough work. I'm so exhausted everyday when I get home. Kids can be quite a handful!\nChildcare also know as  daycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children, usually from age six weeks to age thirteen\nYeah, I know. lol. Kids have so much energy. They are always all over the place. It's hard to have a silent moment!\nIt takes a lot Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies and others\nHave you ever had to babysit or look after a child?\nyes, it covers a wide spectrum of professionals, institutions, contexts\nIt's a very important job, I might add, If were going to talk facts! haha. 
Red and orange are great colors\nYes, I like too. Bur blue is the best I think.\nColor theory has some interesting thoughts on color mixing in visual effects.\nI dont really know about color theory but it looks very interesting.\nThe idea has been known as far back as Leonardo daVinci in the 15th Century.\nI am sure you are some kind of artist. Or maybe photograher.
Have you ever been to Niagra Falls? I want to go there, but I know it's very far. Those beautiful 3 waterfalls are right between New York and Ontario, thousands of miles from me!\nI never have but I would love to. It looks beautiful.\nYes, they do! They are different sized waterfalls, named Horseshoe, American and Bridal Veil Falls.\nI had no idea. I've never heard that before. Very cool.
hello how are you?\nhey, im great!  I was just thinking and reading about my hair color which is brown and saw that it is the second most common hair color after black hair\ni have brown hair too. i think it is underrated\nIt can vary in shades of very light to almost black.  Mine is a lighter brown.  what is yours?\nmine is medium but i sometimes will color it a few shades darker\nbrown hair people tend to have thicker hair than those of fair hair but not as thick as red heads.  I sometimes will color mine a shade of red.  \nthat is interesting, i wonder if men or women more commonly have darker hair\nI do know that brown hair people are often referred to as brunettes which is a  feminine term.  Maybe that means their are more women who are brown haired???\nmaybe so, that is interesting
I just love baking for other people! I like making breads and cakes.\nI really enjoy baking too, although i only know how to make cookies\nCookies are fun to make too! When you bake cookies, heat is gradually transferred from the surface to the center.\nDo you happen to know how far does baking go?
I have an identical twin brother! They were both born from the same pregnancy. Do you have any twins in your family? \nMy two little sisters were twins. How do twins develope?\nWell there are two types. The first are identical, where they develop from the same zygote. Fraternal twins develop from two separate eggs! What type are your sisters?\nFraternal. We thought they were gonna be identical.\nInteresting! They were both fertilized by a different sperm cell in this case. Do you know much about human biology? \nNot much really. Is there anything more you could me about it?\nOf course! Sometimes there are non-related people who look very similar. These people are referred to as doppelgangers. Do you have a doppelganger?\nMy friends say me and my one little sister look alot alike but I dont think we do.
My favorite color is red since I've been child. Red is also important color in China.\nI love red because it sets me apart \nOur blood is red. I am a doctor so I see a lot of red. Did you that Iron gives the red color to our blood?\nYea its so baffling why the creator chose that color for such important item \nColor red was very important in history. Only nobility had a red clothes and dresses.\nI thought the color for nobility was purple. And red for danger to make people intimidated
Gospel music is a genre of Christian soul songs . I just love it dont you?\nI don't personally like religious music that much myself.  When did Gospel music first come about?\nThe creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies by location. and it has been around since the 30's\nDo you have your own personal favorite gospel band?\nI did a few years back. I played guitar but Gospel music usually has dominant vocals \nAre there any other prominent instruments?\nPianos and Trumphets, Gospel music can be traced to the early 17th century in the south.\nI live in the south so I am exposed to a lot of Gospel music although I do not enjoy it.
Hi, do you like Ferrari's?\nFerrari was founded by Enzo in 1939.\nOh really, that is awesome, did you know that the top speed of the LaFerrarri is 349 km/h?\nFerrari was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014.\nOh was it, wow that is great for them, they really deserve it!\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO is the most expensive car in history.\nHow expensive is it?\nNow 10% of Ferrari is owned by Piero Ferrari.\nNot what I asked, but sure okay.
I really want to get into jazz music but there's so much to learn.\nThere is a lot. It all started in New Orleans from the African American communities.\nThat's interesting! I've also heard there are multiple types of jazz. What kind would you say you prefer?\nI really enjoy ragtime. Jazz really has roots there from their culture.\nI don't think I have ever heard of that. I'll need to check it out. Who are some famous Jazz musicians you would recommend?\nLouis Armstrong was pretty famous. He was pretty much the foundation in jazz known for playing his trumpet.\nNow he I have heard of. Other than trumpets, what instruments would I typically hear in a jazz song?
Seven's my favorite number, because everyone says it's a lucky number.. but why do they say that! What's the history behind 7\n Well is the natural number following 6 and preceding 8.\nOf course... but is there more about it? Why has it been seen as somewhat of a special number throughout history? Anything interesting about it?\nWell I have heard In the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J\nAlright, interesting. Some history there. What else is a fun fact about it?
hello  i like the taste of cheese. cheese taste so gouda  :)\nGouda cheese is the best. It comes from the netherlands. its more of a mild yellow cheese and is made from cows milk\nfrom milk? for some reason I always thought it was made from goat's milk\nit is very popular around the world!\nvery popular and very tasty without being overpowering\nGouda cheese is dated all the way back from 1184 that makes it the oldest recorded cheese in the world\nthat old, i figured maybe cheddar is older but I am not an expert\nThe cheese is named after a dutch city. interesting fact! it wasnt made there, but it was traded there and very popular known historically so they named it after that city.\nSo it was named after a city, I thought it was named after a derivation of the word "good"
my favorite color is red \nVery nice. It's a strong color to pick to be infatuated with, as it's a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model. Little do people know, though, is that it's a complementary color of cyan\noh that i did not know, anything else you can tell me about the color red ?
Italian food is so good, especially pasta! It's typically a noodle made from wheat flour dough.\nI love Italian food. I only know how to make spaghetti and lasagna. Do you make a lot of Italian food?\nDefinitely! It involves a lot of baking and boiling, especially with pasta involved.\nOh yes, even with just spaghetti there is quite a bit of boiling. What different types of Italian food do you make?\nWell I make a lot of italian food, like pizza or lasagna, especially since it offers an abundance of different tastes.\nI always forget that pizza is considered Italian food. I love to make them homemade. Pepperoni is my favorite. What is your favorite?\nI love pepperoni pizza, especially with how accessible this dish became.\nFettuccine Alfredo is another Italian favorite in our household, although, I have never personally made it. It was first made in the 15th century, That was a long time ago!
Hi there, do you like to eat bread? i am a professional baker
Snoop Dogg is so awesome, he's a great rapper and does a lot for his community as well\nHe is awesome! Most people don't realize that his real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. He is also a TV personality. Have you seen him live before?\nI wish! I was too young to go to his concerts at the height of his popularity but I'm hoping one day I'll get to see him live.\nI seen him a few years ago! It was awesome. He's sold over 23 million albums in the US alone. \nThat doesn't surprise me. Didn't he change his name to Snoop Lion a few years ago?
I'm not very religious so I don't know a lot about gospel music, can you tell me anything about that style?
I love rock and roll, now put another dime in the jukebox baby.
Pasta is great with so many things.\nI know, I love italian food and especially a staple like pasta.\nIts so good and has spread through so many cultures as well.\nThey are very simple, as they are a noodle of unleavened dough.\nYep, its such a basic idea that works so well.\nEven if they are throughout many cultures, pasta are primarily Italian cuisine.\nYea but noodles are dominant everywhere.
I once saw a Manta Ray at the beach and swam right next to it!\nManta Rays are very extraordinary creatures with their triangular pectoral. I hope one day I will finally go scuba diving and swim along one too\nI heard Manta Rays were dangerous, is that true?\nI have not heard such thing and don't really think it has any basis. There are some who even use manta ray night dive during scuba diving\nI see, I always thouht they were. Now that I know I know I'd like to learn more about them.\nIn fact I was afraid of Manta Rays, but after reading The "Warriors" which is a novel by Erin Hunter, i found myself more courageous and bold to face my fears. Highly recommend it\nThank you for your recommendation. I'll definitely check it out.  
Do you like Gouda cheese, its a mild, yellow cheese\nWell I like most cheeses so I'd probably like it, yes. Do you know where it originated from?\nIt is one of the oldest recorded cheeses still made today, from 1184, people were mentioning Gouda Cheese~\nWow that's crazy, it has such a history to it then. Do you know if there's anything special involved in making Gouda cheese?
Have you ever heard of chronic fatigue syndrome? My aunt was recently diagnosed with it based on what she was experiencing.\nNo i have not. What are the symptoms of the illness? 
I have brown hair and I wear wigs and extensions\nI just love thick curly brown hair with brown eyes\nBut a lot of people think I should go with blonde instead of brown hair. But I like my brown hair\nis your hair a natural brown hair, or do you color it ?\nyes it natrualy brown but I been thinking about adding some other colors with streaks of brown in it
Hi! My favorite food is pasta! I could eat it everyday. How about you?\nMe too! I love Pastas that are  dried and I sometimes like fresh pasta too. Whats your favorite kind?\nAwesome! I love rigatoni!  It's great with a white sauce!\nMe too, I love the fine ridges that go down their length, sometimes spiraling around the tube. it makes me so hungry just thinking about it. \nYes! Is all pasta originally from Italy? Do you know? I want to try authentic Italian pasta.\nPasta is actually a staple of Italy and is a true food of traditional Italian cuisine, It originated way back in 1154 in Sicily if I'm not mistaken. \nFascinating! Do you know how long it took for the cuisine to spread across the globe?
I am bored of my maids.
I love Jazz music it is so soothing and the sound just makes you want to dance all night. 
I absolutely love the color red. Strawberries are red and ladybugs, many of my favorites.\nNice! Remember ROY G. BIV? I didn't realize there was so much science to it. Red is the longest wavelength\nI never knew that. Cool.
Do you know why 6 was afraid of 7? BECAUSE 7 8 9!\nHaha  One of my favorite jokes, any more?\nMore jokes about arabic numerals such as the number 7? No, I'm afraid that's all I have at the moment.\nAre you from Arabia?\nNo, not at all. I just mean to say that the common number system (digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 etc.) is Arabic in origin. This is as opposed to Roman Numerals.\nDo you know about the Binary Code?\nI do! I learned a lot about binary code as it pertains to giving computer processor instructions in a University class called "Numerical Methods."\nThe Binary Code is an amazing thing. When did they create it?
Hey, I like to stay fit. Do you exercise?\nNo i don't In fact i tried to wash my car this morning and had to stop because i was so out of breath.  If physical fitness is the state of well being, i am just the opposite.\nInteresting. That's too bad. Do you know much about fitness? I haven't been doing it long, and would love to learn more. 
I used to have a real issue with overeating.\novereating is so bad, eating too much excess food is bad\nYeah it really is, it causes weight gain and even stuff like diabetes.\n Overeating is the excess food in relation to the energy so you get fat and its a huge problem these days\nI know, especially in the United States.
Do you have brown hair? I think it is a very common hair color.\nI do have brown hair, but it's almost black. Brown hair is the second most common hair of all the coors actually.\nThat's interesting. It must be a dominant gene trait then since so many people have it!\nIt trusly must be. It's crazy though that brown hair varies so much. It goes from light to almost black\nYes, I like how there are so many varieties of brown from red tints to black. Mine tends to be more mousey brown, so I like to lighten it.
My favorite color is red. It is a primary color in the RGB color model!\nMy favorite color is orange. It derives from the color red and yellow.\nNeat! Orange is nice! Color even influences perceptions such as the taste of food!\nYes it does indeed. Yellow is a major color used in Fast food logos and packaging. \n Yes! And red is associated with the color to planet Mars! This happens from iron oxide!\nI live in Oklahoma and our dirt is Red. It causes white clothes to stain if you go swimming in the lakes or rivers\nWow! The red pigment is interesting! It was also used in prehistoric art.\nIm glad it was so we could see the drawings clearly
I work as a clown as part of comic performers for my festival.\nreally? How fun! How long have you been doing that?\nI have been doing it as an entertainment style for 15 years now. \nthat's awesome! So do you use a specific make up and clothes?\nYes I do, modern clowns like me are strongly encouraged to use fancy clothes and make up to become more colorful.\nhonestly, i'm a little bit scared of clowns. i think it's because of the movie IT by Stephen King\nHa! Many circus clowns have become well known as creepy monsters that lurk in gutter drains because of that movie\nyes, it's just so scary. i think that movie was the scariest i've ever seen
Hey there, what is your favorite band?  I love rock and Roll or better known as Rock 'n' roll best,!\nHi, my favorite band is U2.  How about you?\nI really like U2 also.  I will pretty much listen to anything by them and it seems like they just keep getting better.  Their 9th album, "Pop" is one of the best!!!\nMy favorite is The Joshua Tree.  How long have they been together?\nThey formed in 1976.  It's hard to believe they have been putting out great music that long.\nWow, that's a long time! I hope I can see them on tour some time.  Are they in the rock and roll hall of fame?
do u like ferrari , i hear they are super expensive \nThey are expensive but worth it, they were rated the most pwerful brand by brand france in 2014\npersonally i doubt i can ever afford one , but rich people talk about 
Do you ever go to nightclubs?  I have always wanted to go to Carolines on Broadway.  Have you heard of it?\nNot anymore, but I've heard that Louis C.K. performed there in the past.\nI did not know that.  I do remember seeing him on HBO's One Night Stand.  He was pretty funny.\nYes, he is funny! He deserved each and every Emmy award won over the years.\nYeah he has been on Saturday Night Live three or four times.  Hilarious each time!\nDo you remember Tracey Ullman? She was funny also. I didn't know she had a brief singing career\nNeither did I.  I remember she had her own show The Tracey Ullman Show, and she appeared on The Simpsons.
Hi, I own a Ferrari, an Italian sports car. Do you?\nNo i do not. But i wish to have one. Which type of ferrari do you own\nI own a 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO, most expensive car in history!\nWow. you must have some loads of money. What feature on it makes it so special and expensive? 
I can bake a mean cake. Have you ever baked?\nOh yeah, baking is a lot of fun since I love cooking food.\nWhat do you like to bake? I have made bread from scratch\nI really love baking and cooking up cakes and bread.\nThat sounds delicious. I need to bake more\nSame, but it takes a lot of heat and like hot ashes or stones.\nHeat is essential to so much food!
I love rock and roll music, a genre of music that became popular in the late 1940s, what about you?\nI'm not really into it but I would like to know more\nWell it's origins are derived from the rhythm and blues music of the 1940s.\nwho are some famous rock and roll singers?\nElvis Presley is probably the most famous, surely you've heard of him. He's the King of Rock And Roll\noh that's right, i've heard that! I was never a huge fan of Elvis but he was great. I would love to learn more about him\nWhat would you like to know about him? He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi. Perhaps you'd like to know when his music carreer started\nAnything fun. Like what are his famous songs?
So if you don't own a harley what do you own?\nI dont have a motor cycle, but I do love them especially a Harley Davidson the American Made cycle\nYeah they are crazy awesome! I love to watch a whole bunch of them ride at once\ninteresting to know they are 1 of 2 motorcycle manufactures that survived the Great Depression\nwow I did not know that. What is the other one?\nThere was a company called Indian, I was not familiar with that brand, I would assume they are not around anymore\nI am somewhat familiar with it and I do not believe they are around any longer. To see any of their bikes these days are rare
Have you ever rode a motorcycle? Harley-Davidson, Inc. (H-D), or Harley, is an American motorcycle manufacturer, founded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903; which is a popular brand\nI've ridden with another person but never by myself. \nI have never ridden. I'm too scared. Under the Harley-Davidson brand, among them apparel, home decor and ornaments, accessories, toys, and scale figures of its motorcycles, and video games based on its motorcycle line and the community.\nYes, safety is my main concern with motorcycles. Otherwise the fuel savings and size are attractive features.\nIn 2014, the three top motorcycle producers globally by volume were Honda, Yamaha (both from Japan), and Hero MotoCorp (India)!!\nAlthough imports are nice, I prefer American made brands such as Harley Davidson simply because of the brand loyalty.
I've always considered becoming a baker because I love baking!\nme too! I would so work in a bakery!\nI think it would be fun! All the pies and cakes and rolls I could make! I love the smell of fresh baking bread!
Red is a wonderful color and is opposite violet on the color spectrum.\ni love the color red, specially beacuse my favorite flowers are roses
I have a cousin who is obese can you tell me more about this topic? \nIt's a condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nWow is there any way to help with obesity? \nChanges to diet and exercising are the best treatments.\nWhat would be a good diet plan to help reduce body fat and obesity? \nKetogenic diet could be a good plan to help reduce fat. It's a high-fat, adequate-protein,  and low-carbohydrate diet.\nOh okay I have heard of a keto diet before. What types of exercise would you recommend to help reduce obesity? \nAny kind of physical activity can help. Walking and swimming are good types of exercises for obese people\nThat is great I will recommend all these to my cousin. he loves swimming! 
I just dyed my hair light purple. I am really excited about it!\nThat sounds amazing!  Hair color can be done by a hairdresser or at home, how did you do yours?\nI went to a hairdresser to have it done.\nI wish I could see it!  Hair dying has a long history.  In ancient Greece the Celtic people dyed their hair blonde.\nThat's really cool! How did they manage that?
Do you follow San-Diego Comic Con?\nI know that it is held annually in the United States in California. My boyfriend is into the comic-con stuff.\nOh cool, I usually follow it every year to see the movie trailers and stuff that come out of it.\nIt's crazy that the event lasts for 4 days every summer since 2003. That is a lot of content and fun it seems like!\nYeah a lot of people put a lot of work into their costumes. It is pretty cool.\\nI was interested to find out that on the Wednesday prior to the official opening, guests for all 4 days can attend a "Preview Night" and walk the exhibit hall before the convention begins. How cool!\nThat is really interesting, I wonder if everything is already set up.
My dog loves dog biscuits I think he is obsessed with them\nSame my dogs just loves them. but they tend to be hard and dry\nOh no there are some that are soft and chewy, made my milk bone
Here's a thought I just had while showering: the original showers were actually waterfalls!\nOh why do you you think that?\nIt's just historical fact! But there's evidence that early (rich) Egyptians had indoor shower rooms.\nI see so do they also have indoor toilet?
Red is for me a primary choice of color. It reminds me to be careful and attentive\nRed is a neat color. Blue is my favorite because I like the sky.\nWhat I like about red is that it has dominant wavelength. Blue mainly indicates calmness and rest\nWhat is a dominant wavelength?\nIn color science, it is the physical property that defines the intensity of light beaming to create that specific color that we see\nI understand what wavelength is. I just don't know how determine which one is dominant.
Sobriety is an issue that is difficult for many individuals.
I'm not a big fan of gospel music but I occasionally hear it on long road trips. \nYea its not my favorite, Gospel music is a type of Christian music\nYeah they used to play it in my youth group a long time ago when i used to go to church. 
Hey -- I knew that Ferrari was from Italy, but unaware it is from the city of Maranello \nI thought that was common knowledge. What else do have you learned about Ferrari? \nI learned that they were a racing team before they produced sports cars. I thought it was the other way around. \nDid you know in the early years Enzo Ferrari actually wanted to produce road cars and not sports cars.
I love italian food especially Pasta which first was served in Sicily in 1154\nItalian food is delicious, what was the first pasta served?
I like the color red.\ni don't really like the color red it's to bright in my opinion\nMy favorite color is blue but I like red because my hair is red\nred has dominant wavelength of aprox 625-740 nanometres\nI never knew that
I like jazz.\nThats great!  Jazz is a music genre that originated in the african-american communities\nWhen did it originate?\nJazz originated in the late 19th century \nAre there different sub genres of Jazz?\nNot much info on that but jazz since the 1920's age jaz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression \nWhat is the most common instrument used in Jazz music?\nNot much information .  But jazz is the swing of blue notes, call and response vocals\nWow, that's so cool.  Who are some popular jazz musicians?
Do you do any water sports, such as kayaking or canoeing?\nI love to canoe! What about you?\nI canoe too! Have you heard of canoe camping? It's a multiple day canoe trip, where you camp at the end of the day.\nNo! We've always just called that a canoe trip.
My husband is an author and we have identical twins together!\nwow thats awesome.  how old are your twins?\nMy twins are 2 years old. It is interesting to be able to see how genetics play more of a role than environmental factors\nTell me about some of the factors you are talking about.\nBeing identical, they share 100% of their genes and their personalities are so similar no matter who and what they are individually exposed to.\nDo they finish each others thoughts and sentences
Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nI love the color red!\nReds range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson, and vary in shade from pink to burgundy.\nI wonder how they obtain red dye.
I like jazz.\nThats great!  Jazz is a music genre that originated in the african-american communities\nWhen did it originate?\nJazz originated in the late 19th century \nAre there different sub genres of Jazz?\nNot much info on that but jazz since the 1920's age jaz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression \nWhat is the most common instrument used in Jazz music?
Snoop real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHey Snoop, nice to meet you. I'm Jazzzzy. Real name Jasmine.
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports\nWhat sports are best for physical fitness?\nAll sports! It's achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.\nPhysical fitness also helps with stress.
Hi, I like jazz music. Do you like jazz music?
hello, everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit\nThat's so nice of you! Dogs love those hard biscuits, it's like how humans love snack food!\nshe loves it and likes to do a twirl before she gets one, so cute\nThat's so cute! You're also helping to improve her health with those biscuits! They help clean her teeth!\nyea, that is the main reason i feed them to her, for her teeth
7 is my favorite number it means so much to me\nIn the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke\nHow are they written on stroke?\nIt was a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nOK to me 7 has a biblical connection. God rested on the 7th day\nThe Churches of God (7th Day) movement is composed of a number of sabbath-keeping churches\nHow many colors has the rainbow?
I try to stay physically fit through proper nutrition and light to moderately vigorous exercise, do you do similar things?\nI need to! It' been a while but I was way into fitness. Now my fitness is fitness this donut in my mouth. What all do you do? Way interested. \nWell you can start by just walking 30 minutes a few times a week, and then build into some kind of physical exercise like swimming or weight training. I like weight training because I like seeing my muscles grow and I find it enjoyable.\nI used to LOVE going to the gym. My life had some changes recently, it's hard getting back in the swing of things. I do, however walk 30 minutes a day. Do you stick with a certain diet?\nI wouldn't call it any particular diet like keto or low-fat really. I just stick to whole unprocessed foods and try to eat a good amount of legumes, nuts, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and a bit of meat,eggs,dairy to fill the rest. I consider that to be "proper" nutrition.\nI think it sounds great. I did low-calorie for years. I looked fly but was tired a lot. Yours sounds much better.\nIt's important to find a balance in a healthy diet, I think a good way is to find nutrient-dense low calorie foods so you can eat bigger quantities and feel full while getting proper nutrients and not too many calories.\nI loved egg white omelets filled with veggies. I'm getting hungry now! Getting groceries today, this inspires me to get the right kind. Thank you
I have brown hair.\nMe too! Pretty much everybody in my family does, since we're all descendants of central Europeans.\nMost of my family has brown hair also.\nHave you ever tried to dye it? I attempted to dye my hair blue before, but it didn't take since my hair is so dark. I would probably have to bleach it to make it work.\nI have dyed my hair a few times with success. In order to do colorful or bright, it would need to be bleached first.\nYeah, that's probably the best idea. I'm a bit intimidated by trying to bleach it at home, though. I'd probably just go to a hairdresser at a salon to do it for me.\nUsing a hairdresser is probably the best option. I would be afraid to do it on my own.
My cousin just gave birth to twin boys\nWow, having two kids in the same pregnancy must have been an experience.\nWell she had a daughter first but still it was a unexpected surprise.
Have you ever heard of Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nI have! My aunt suffered with it for many years. She was diagnosed based on her symptoms, I don't think a clear diagnostic test exists. Have you known anyone who's had it?\nI have not, it sounds like something that would be awful, what are some of the characteristics of it?\nIt's fatigue that is not due to strenuous exertion and rest doesn't really provide much relief. It's not due to a previous medical condition, so its cause remains somewhat of a mystery.\nOh no, that is awful, so I assume they have no cure for it then
I'm thinking of making a key lime pie today. I love baking! \nMe too. A baker bakes and often sells breads using an oven or other heated device.\nI'm just a humble home baker. I make things just for my family and friends to enjoy. \nGrains have been popular for a thousand or more years, so baking is a very old practice.\nI never stopped to think about it! I guess they would have baked over open fire. 
Hello, I am interested in hair coloring, or hair dyeing, It is cool to change hair color\nI think it is too. I changed my hair color in the past from black to dark blonde, it was interesting.
My favorite number is 7\n7 was developed from an uppercase V lookalike.\nThat's interesting. I like it because I also like the band avenged sevenfold\nAvenged Sevenfold's current lineup includes Brooks Wackerman.\nHe also played with Tenacious D a couple of times\nAvenged Sevenfold's style changed by the third album.\nIn what way?
As weird as it might sound, sometimes I imagine heaven being a giant bowl of never ending pasta. And I just wade in marinara sauce for eternity, slurping noodles. Weird, yeah?\n) is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine, with the first reference dating to 1154 \nWell, I can't be the only one who's had this fantasy then. 1154 is a long time ago. Did they make it similar to how it is done in modern times?\nFresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines\nInteresting. What is the most popular form of pasta? I would guess spaghetti, but I don't really know.\nYeah! Spagetti is a long, thin, solid, cylindrical pasta\nWell, we both know Italy is famous for pasta. Are there any other countries who make their own version?
do u like ferrari , i hear they are super expensive 
Hey so what do you like about Jazz?\nI really like the whole style of Jazz genre, the whole culture evolving around African-American Communities and New Orleans is amazing to me.\nAnd who are some of your favorite Jazz musicians ?
Do you know why 6 was afraid of 7? BECAUSE 7 8 9!\nHaha  One of my favorite jokes, any more?
My favorite color is red since I've been child. Red is also important color in China.\nI love red because it sets me apart \nOur blood is red. I am a doctor so I see a lot of red. Did you that Iron gives the red color to our blood?\nYea its so baffling why the creator chose that color for such important item 
Obesity is a very prominent issue that even i struggle with.\nThat's true. I know when someone is obese they have so much extra weight it can be really dangerous for their health.\nAgreed. It is also a hard thing to overcome because the addiction of an obese person is literally right around the corner no matter where you go.
i love baking ,i bake cakes for my family every weekends\nThat's awesome! Do you bake bread too?\nyes i usually bake also bread once in a while\nBaking bread is an ancient activity. I have only baked bread once as a 4H project as a kid\ni love hot bread thats y sometimes i do it\nDo you ever put honey on it? Ancient Roman bakers used honey and oil in their bread products. That sounds so delicious\ni have never tried honey i will give it a try next time
I used to really like Anthony Michael Hall, who starred in several teen films in the 80s\nHis name sounds very familiar, but I can't place him. Can you name some of the movies he's been in?
I wish i would learn to bake\nIts an honourable profession. To bake and sometimes sells bread\nyes, so do all bakers bake bread?\nNo, I guessI was just generalising the term but they bake an assortment of things in a bakery. \nyes, what are the materials or utensils used for baking?\nYou name it, baking trays, bowls, mixers, oven and the list goes on as there are numerous tools used.\nwow, whats the major one?
Working at a daycare is tough work. I'm so exhausted everyday when I get home. Kids can be quite a handful!\nChildcare also know as  daycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children, usually from age six weeks to age thirteen\nYeah, I know. lol. Kids have so much energy. They are always all over the place. It's hard to have a silent moment!\nIt takes a lot Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies and others\nHave you ever had to babysit or look after a child?
When you're realllllyyyyy hungry you seriously can't beat pasta.  I love spaghetti and meatballs, and linguine, and lasagna.  Do you like pasta and have you ever tried to make it?\nIt is my absolute favorite, but no I've never tried to make the noodles.\nI recently discovered how delicious Bolognese sauce is with pasta too.  Its a meat-based sauce and if you can get an original Italian recipe it's amazing!\nMy mother in law is Italian.  She makes some amazing dishes.\nOh you're so lucky!  I bet you guys have the best holiday's!  This is making me so hungry right now too!\nThe best!  But then we all need to fast for 3 days after!\nCompletely understandable, but you can't deny delicious food!  Luckily Eid al-Fitr is always there for us with a month of fasting! \nShe literally makes so much food, we all take home enough for 4 more meals.
Ive been doing lots of physical fitness lately, It really is challenging but the reward of losing weight is worth it, Do you do any physical fitness?\nI do fitness walking, but that's it.  What physical fitness activities do you do?\nWell  do all kinds, I do strength fitness like running and weight lifting. I love the quality or state of being fit. It makes you feel so much better. \nI'm still waiting for it to make me feel better - right now all it does is make me tired!\nWell Physical fitness generally does make you feel tired,  But you can achieve so much through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and plenty of rest.\nMaybe I need to work on proper nutrition - chocolate bars for breakfast probably aren't ideal  LOL\nWell you can get some fiber chocolate bars made of different components like cocoa solids, cocoa butter, sugar, and milk just as long as its low in calories. \nHey, great idea!  I'll look for those when I go shopping later today!  Any other tips?
My husbands favorite color is red.  do you like that color?\nYes . I like the ranges of red also. Scarlet has some yellow in it and I like the paler reds and the burgundy's also\nScarlet and grey is Ohio State colors which is why my husband loves red so much!\nOh, the color of blood comes from hemoglobin, but strawberries and red apples are colored by anthocyanins.\nwow that is interesting.  \nRed pigment used to be made from ochre and was also one of the first colors used in art.\nWow that is really interesting I didn't know that.  The color red has a lot of history with it then
Hi :) My favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?\nGreen is my favorite color followed by brown. What other colors do you like?\nPurple is a very close second. Especially very red-ish purples. They remind me of majestic power. \nHaha are you into a lot of fantasy books then? Sounds that way.\nI do like some fantasy. Harry Potter is a favorite. Do you like Harry Potter?
I love comic cons. The san diego one is a really fun annual event.\nWow, they look like a lot of fun\nyeah I think so. its international and mult-genre\nOK. so what else can you tell me about comic cons.  I go to the one in Pittsburgh sometimes. \nThey are really helpful in industry, connecting publishers to distributors etc\nI see. Is there an average price to enter? 
I would love to start horseback riding. I have no idea what it entails though.\nThat's interesting, animals in sport are considered working animals.\nI would be fun, but now I'm worried it's not good for the horse since it's considered work for them.\nI see what you mean. Some working animals are called draft animals or beats of burden.\nI don't like the sound of beats of burden. What does that mean?\nSorry I meant beasts of burden. It basically means animals trained to provide a tractive force.\nOh, ok. That sounds a little better. Maybe I will pursue this after all. It sure seems like it would be fun.
Do you ever go to nightclubs?  I have always wanted to go to Carolines on Broadway.  Have you heard of it?\nNot anymore, but I've heard that Louis C.K. performed there in the past.\nI did not know that.  I do remember seeing him on HBO's One Night Stand.  He was pretty funny.
I once swam with manta rays. They are beautiful creatures.
Manta rays are kinda scary, I would be afraid to swim with them.\nInternational Union for Conservation of Nature says that Mantas are endangered or vulnerable.  Tell that to Steve Irwin!!\nWasn't he killed by a sting ray ? What is the difference between the two ?\nI don't really know, but it is hard to believe that the crocodile hunter has been dead for almost 11 years.\nI thought it was longer, but yes the world lost a great guy.
I am thinking about coloring my hair.
Hi, I love some fresh pasta, do you ever eat it?\nI don't think I've had fresh. Pasta is typically a noodle made from an unleavened dough of a kind of durum wheat flour that is mixed with eggs or water and formed into various shapes or sheets.\nPasta\nThere are also two types of pasta: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca).\nThat's interesting, also pasta is considered a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine.
I really love red the colour, it exists at the end of the visible spectrum of light!\nred seems like such a bold color
So we get to talk about brown hair, which I have. Fun stuff...\nBrain hair is a really nice color. What shade is yours?\nMedium with red undertones. Have a lot of red in my beard also\nThat's pretty cool. I myself have black curly hair, it's kind of hard to manage them sometimes.
Hi there! Do you dye your hair? I dye mine blonde\nI do, but I dye my either brown or auburn, blond is to light for my skin\nDo you get it done professionally or do it yourself?\nI do it myself, my mother was a beautician for years.\nThat's really convenient and I bet a lot cheaper than going to a salon.\nIt is, just hit up the local Sallys, I dye my girls' hair too,\nDo they have brown and/or auburn hair too?\n2 have blonde, one has light brown, but we have done blue, purple an green as well
I used to work outside of the home. It was difficult finding reliable child care.\nDo you have children? Child care is an action or skill looking after children by a day care center, nannies or baby sitters.\nI do have children. Two boys. How about you?
Once I swam with a Manta ray. 
Do you listen to jazz music? It originated in the African American communities, but is enjoyed by many cultures.\nI heard that it was a cross  of african american and european american styles.  How long has jazz been around?
Everyday after work I buy my dog a fancy dog biscuit. She loves them, especially the drier and crunchier ones\nI love treating my dog to some treats too. Dog biscuits, especially organic ones, can be hard to come across these days.
I love science fiction movies about extraterrestrial and alien invasion\nThey certainly seem interesting though I don't watch them often, do you have a favorite science fiction movie in particular?\n"War of the Worlds" written by H G Wells and starring Tom Cruise is a favorite!\nOh I think I've heard of it, I'm pretty sure it's famous. Around what time did that movie come out?
I  just bought a Ferrari - what an awesome Italian sports car !\nWhoa! Congrats man. I bet it's really fun to drive?\nIt's amazing!  It was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014!\nHow long have Ferrari's been made? Do you get lots of attention from other guys or girls?\nI get attention from everyone!  LOL  The company was founded in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division\nNice. Do you know how many horse power it has?\nNo, I don't - but I do know that the most expensive car in history was the 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO \nWhy was it expensive? Because it was rare or just a very good quality vehicle?
I remember when I was younger there was a Nerf gun called the Manta Ray.\nI had one as well. It looked nothing like the animal though :( \nRight?  It was classic though.  Hide and seek Nerf was awesome.\nI have never played hide and seek Nerf. I mostly just stood there and shot my brother with my gun. \nOne time we put toothpicks in the end of nerf arrows and shot each other.  Not advisable!
My favorite food is pasta, i love it so much that i started making my own pasta! Do you like Pasta?\nI love pasta it has been a staple food in my home as well as Italian cuisine since 1154 in Sicily\nYes its really a staple of italian cuisine! What is your favorite pasta dish? Mine is carbonara, i like eggs and bacon add pasta there and its the best thing for me :D\nThat sounds great! I really like spaghetti and lasagna. But recently I started using a gluten free rice pasta.  \nIts okay, but i like the real deal, regular italian pasta, sometimes i only eat it with some cheese and olive oil
Have you been to San Diego Comic-Con?! It's such a big part of popular culture, and has grown so much since it's early days as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970!\nI haven't cosplay culture has always been on the fringe of my social circles though, I see a ton of it on Reddit.
I've never really thought much about childcare or daycare for children under six and up to 13 weeks. I am still young. Yourself?\nI don't know much about childcare. Is it rated somehow so you know you are getting a good one?\nI think it is because the action of skill of looking after children as a provider is very important. Do you think so?\nIt is important and I would be concerned about sending my 13 week old child to the daycare. \nYes that is very true. I have read that Day Care can actually refer to daytime care for disabled or elderly people in the UK. I think this is positive.\nThat would be positive. Are there any requirements if it is for older people.
Superman is a great super hero, don't you think?\nSuperman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books\nYeah, he's been a classic for decades\n The character was created by writerYes I agree, Superman was created by Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster\nI see, I wonder if they were well compensated\nOf course they were, They sold Superman to Detective Comics, the future DC Comics, in 1938\nI didn't know that, how interesting!
I have been sober for four months now and feel great.\nCongratulations! Achieving your goal of not consuming alcohol is not easy, but you did it!\nI just stopped drinking wine.  It was actually a lot easier than I thought it would be.  Still miss it with nice dinners though.\nMedical personnel point out that the long term effects of drinking alcohol include damage to the liver and brain, so I'd say you're better off without it!\nSo true.  Liver damage is no joke.  Wouldn't want those symptoms.\nAbsolutely not. Sobriety means you don't have any measurable effects from alcohol, so being sober means you're healthier.\nI wonder how long it takes to clear out the bad effects of alcohol?
I'm thinking of dyeing my hair! I want to try a different hair color.\nYou should! What color did were you thinking?\nI'm not sure! Maybe a medium brown shade. I need to cover my grey hair! \nI like brown hair. It is so pretty!\nThanks! We'll see I guess! I'm trying to decide if I'm brave enough to try to dye it myself at home, or if I should get it professionally done by a hairdresser.\nIt's better to go and get it done professionally! Less room for error.
I love the number 7.  What do you think about that?
Ferrari's the coolest Italian sports cars, wouldn't you agree?\nI heard those cars are the fastest cars in the world\nYes, in 2014 Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand. If only I could afford one, haha\nDo you know how much those cars cost?
Hello, I am interested in hair coloring, or hair dyeing, It is cool to change hair color\nI think it is too. I changed my hair color in the past from black to dark blonde, it was interesting.\ndid you bleach it to make it blonde?\nNot really, I do not like bleaching, I just used a regular hair dye and surprisingly it worked, just turned out a different shade than expected.
I've never dyed my hair before, but I've considered it! \nYeah hair dyeing is pretty popular. I like having blonde hair so I haven't changed it.\nI once had a friend telly me i should dye it a gray ombre, but I am honestly too lazy to care that much. I also like my natural hair color (dark brown)
Hey! I like shopping at target.
There are so many outdoor sports that involve water.\nYes I enjoy water skiing myself. It is hard to learn but once you get the hang of it it is very fun.\nI love water skiing also, but it has been a long time since I have skied. There are dozens of sports that include water.\nAnother great water sport is marco polo. My kids love to play it every time they go swimming.\nThat is such a fun game. Water skiing has over 900 competitions every year and 11 million skiers.\nYeah I have seen some of the tricks they do. It's crazy how good they are with the flips.
I love pasta I cant get enough of it!\nme too! I love traditional Italian cuisine\nI dont think I have ever had that before.\nWell pasta is traditional italian cuisine, so you did try it :) the first reference of pasta is dating to 1154 in Sicily\nWow I though it dated back farther neat\nfresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand but today many varieties of fresh pasta are commercially produced by machines\nYeah I bet it taste better when its made by hand though,
I don't drink alcohol at all, I'm all about sobriety\nThats a good choice. Alcohol is just never the answer for anything.\nI agree with you! Sobriety is such a natural state of a human being given at birth\nYes, unfortunately many mothers drink alcohol during pregnancy which can cause the baby to have some health issue.
Jazz has got to be one of my favorite music genres.\nreally? It reminds me of that movie where he's obsessed with jazz\nYep I really like it! It comes from blues and ragtime music.\nwow really? I never really got into it!\nReally! It originates from African-American communities in New Orleans.\nI hear new orleans is very fun have you ever been?
Hello!  Alien invasions are  interesting in science fiction movies.\nyes, they keep us entertained while watching fiction movies
I love going to the bakery and seeing the baker cook stuff. Do you know any cool stuff about bakers? \nGrains have been a staple food for millennia, baking is a very old one! \nThats neat, I bet that baking has a very long heritage, Did people in the stone age know how to bake food? \nI don't think they did, but by the 5th and 6th centuries the ancient Greeks were using ovens. Most communities had one large shared oven.\nwow the greeks had ovens? thats really cool. What kind of ovens did they use? Was it coal or fire? \nThese enclosed ovens were heated by wood fires that were mainly for different types of bread.\nOh alright, That makes sense, since wood is easily available and I dont think greeks knew what coals were back then. What else do you know about bakers? \nIn ancient Rome a few centuries later the first mass production of bread started. They say being a professional baker started then.\nI had a feeling bakers started in Europe. Since there is a lot of cuisines from Europe that are baked. 
Not too long ago, I was severely overweight. Considered obese for my height. It's been a struggle but I have lost some of it.\nWhat was your Body Mass Index? Was it high?\nYes. It was a 35. I have it down to a 32 now.
My favorite color is red, it's flashy, catches people's attention, and is used everywhere for all kinds of purposes!\nMine too! Its said that red makes a person appear more attractive, like an illusion of sorts!\nOh yeah, I'm not surprised. Red and other colors are super influential. Cops are more likely to pull over a car if it's red.\nOh no! I need a new car now. Lol
My dog loves dog biscuits I think he is obsessed with them\nSame my dogs just loves them. but they tend to be hard and dry\nOh no there are some that are soft and chewy, made my milk bone\nYeah i have heard some may be sold in a flat bone-shape as well\nI have seen those as well. They even have some softy ones made from duck
I find Ferrari's interesting but don't know much about them\nIts only of the most iconic Italian sports car company in the world and makes all their cars in Maranello, Italy.\nSo there's no other manufacturing warehouse for Ferrari anywhere in the world?
Hey Im Jim and I am a baker who works at a local bakery. I am pretty smart and know the way of the dough, What would you like to know? \nHi Jim, I am thinking of opening my own bakery since I enjoy baking. Do you think I should sell baked cookies or pizza?\nI think cookies are a good choice, Just go with the basic ingredients like flour, sugar and some kinda oil. \nI see, do I need to marinate the cookies in oil before I serve them?\nThats not necessary, You only use the oil to mix with the dough, it makes the cookie less dry and gives it a nice smooth taste. Also use it to prevent the cookies from sticking to the pan. \nThanks for the tip, I have big trouble with dough that sticks to the pan and doesn't come off! Should I serve sushi along with cookies?\nI never really thought of it, but that does sounds good just as long as you have Sushi with the basics like brown or white rice. Dont add any sauces or it might clash with the taste of the cookies. \nI am just worried that serving sushi without Wasabi sauce might make my customers angry. Do you think a bit of Wasabi sauce is okay?
Do you like Pasta? I used to eat it every day about as a kid, so now I am a bit tired of it\nI love pasta! I could eat it almost everyday! Personally I like fresh pasta, but dried is fine too!\nOh trust me, you do not want to do that, it gets old very quickly, I would know
I once swam with manta rays. They are beautiful creatures.\nManta rays are very beautiful! They are typically found in warmer subtropical waters.\nWhat do manta rays eat?
Obesity is such a huge medical issue right now.\nOh my goodness it really is, it is sad, I wonder how many people are struggling with it currently?\nI hope not too many since obesity is linked to diabetes and sleep apnea and more.\nThat is sad, are there any ways to help reduce your risk, or help you through it\nEating less would definitely help, since obesity can cause even cancer.\nI did not know that, what kind of cancer, I wonder?
I love coloring my hair! It's fun to play with all the different shades of dye. Have you ever colored your hair?\nYes, I have made it purple and red before.\nThose are fun colors! Did you have it done professionally or did you dye it at home?\nThe red I did at home. The purple I had to have done professionally to get it to stick.\nThat makes sense! Home coloring is a huge business! In 2011, sales reached $1.9 billion and they're thought to have reached $2.2 billion in 2016.\nI can see that from all of the commercials that are on TV. Do you notice that they always show basic colors like black or brown?\nThat's a good point! They do always show black or brown! Believe it or not, 75% of all women claim to have dyed their hair at least once. Surely they used some other colors!\nI would think so! Although, I guess covering gray and making it look natural is responsible for most of those billions.
Hi, I'm looking to buy a Harley bike. Have you any suggestions?\nAny Harley is a good choice with their style of customization.\nNice, I want one that is really loud. \nWell, their customization can do that for you but you may have trouble with your local laws!\nTrue, I don't want to get into trouble. Which Harley is your favorite?\nI don't have a favorite.  I consider Harley-Davidson and all motorcyles them death wish machines/donor mobiles!\nOh, so you don't like them, but are still an expert? That is cool. 
I really like to listen the gospel music, how about you?
Red is next to orange and opposite of violet in the spectrum of light! \nOh really? I never knew that! Red is one of my favorite colors! What colors do you like?\nI really like pink- which a very pale red! \nPink is very nice too! There are so many beautiful shades of red! \nThere really are- I actually had no idea. They range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson to pale red pink to dark red burgandy. \nI love dark red burgandy! It's a very rich color. Do you agree?
Have you heard of Yamaha? They started as a piano manufacturer in 1887!\nI have heard of it. The make a lot of different things now right?\nYes, after WW2 the president repurposed their wartime production machine to make motorcycles\nI know they make four wheelers and jetskis too.
One of my favorite foods is pasta.  300 different forms, easy to make and hard to master.  What about you?\nI love pasta, too. My favorite is lasagna.\nLasagna was actually invented some time in the Middle Ages, most likely in Naples!  I love it as well!\nOh wow, I didn't realize it had been around that long. I prefer it without meat. My mom makes a great veggie lasagna.\nA friend of mine gets pasta made from rice flour because she does not like gluten.  It apparently tastes a little different.\nI've never tried rice flour. I imagine it would taste a bit different, though. I've tried coconut flour, but it probably wouldn't taste good in pasta.
I try to give my dog a dog biscuit every couple of days, they're a hard biscuit-based dietary supplement, similar to human snack food.\nI give mine a dog biscuit every day when he goes to sleep.  Do you think they are healthy?\nI'm kind of torn, I think probably they aren't, but the hard and dry texture probably helps clean their teeth, at least according to some manufacturers.\nI want to believe that, anyway I don't think one every day can cause much daamage, specially for a big dog like mine.  \nYeah that's probably true, it's crazy to think that dog biscuits have been around since the Roman times, where they were called "Dog's bread."\nInteresting,  I guess people have wanted to spoil their dogs since the beginning of human-dog relationship..
I love baking pies and cheesecake in my spare time but I would love to expand into other things could you tell me more about being a baker?\nI have always been interested in the role of a baker and bakery  their work and it's historical significance.\nWhat do you find the most interesting about the historical significance of bakers?
I like the number 7, which comes between 6 and 8.\nWhats so special about it?\nNothing really. The Hindus used to write their 7's like an uppercase J, vertically inverted.\nThe only time I like the number seven is when i'm shooting dice.
My favorite color is red do you like it?\nI like red, but pink is my favorite it is named after a flowering plant in the genus Dianthus. \nWhat is the wavelength of red\nI'm not sure about the specific wavelength of red. The Greek letter lambda is used as a symbol for wavelength. \nWhat else do you know about it\nwavelength repeats and has the inverse of the spatial frequency. \nO wow I did not know that
Have you ever heard of Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nI have! My aunt suffered with it for many years. She was diagnosed based on her symptoms, I don't think a clear diagnostic test exists. Have you known anyone who's had it?\nI have not, it sounds like something that would be awful, what are some of the characteristics of it?\nIt's fatigue that is not due to strenuous exertion and rest doesn't really provide much relief. It's not due to a previous medical condition, so its cause remains somewhat of a mystery.\nOh no, that is awful, so I assume they have no cure for it then\nNo, unfortunately not. There is no cure and no medications or procedures to treat CFS have been approved in the US. \nDarn, is it pretty common in the United States
I love Jazz music me and my friends go to a local Jazz club twice a month.
Hello, are you into a physical fitness routine? \nI do not currently have one no.\nI don't have a strict one either but I try to eat the right foods and exercise some.\nThe right foods are often time very expensive, and i'm not the best off with money.\nIt sure is. So I take it you don't shop at places like Whole Foods?\nI do not think we have one of those at my current location. I live in an underdeveloped location of the world.
Hi, I work as a clown at a local circus.\nThat sounds like a fun job! Do you perform slapstick type physical comedy or mime style?\nYea it is! I mostly do slapstick type because the kids like it more.\nI can see that! Clowns are very good at entertaining large audiences, even at a distance! \nI agree, I usually gather about 300 people for my shows. When they leave, they cry because they wasted their money!\nOh, I doubt that!!  Do you wear the typical "red clown" type of costume with a colorful wig and clothing, exaggerated footwear and distinctive makeup?\nMostly a red clown, with a red nose and colorful hair. Sometimes, kids get scared of me!
I am obese due to having excess body fat.\nI am overweight as well\nMy body mass index is way to high.\nHave you tried a low carb diet.  That is what I am on and it has helped me lose some weight\nYes, I have tried the diet that restricts my carbohydrates.\nI find it to be a pretty easy diet to follow and you can find alot of good recipes on Pinterest as well
Hi!  Do you know anything about manta rays?\nI know they are found in warm temperature such as subtropical and tropical water!\nThey are pretty amazing creatures.  You can swim with them as they are quite docile.\nYes they are so large too! And belong to the genus Manta.\nWow!  do you know any other cool facts about them?  I didn't know their genus!\nSo they are similar to whales as in they breach, but no one really knows why!\nThat is crazy.  I would never have thought they would be grouped with whales.  How big do they get?
Pasta is a my favourite food.It is a traditional italian cuisine\nTell me more about it. I have never really has pasta befor.
Have you ever been to a Comic-Con?\nNo, I haven't, but I bet it would be really fun.
I used to have a real issue with overeating.\novereating is so bad, eating too much excess food is bad\nYeah it really is, it causes weight gain and even stuff like diabetes.\n Overeating is the excess food in relation to the energy so you get fat and its a huge problem these days\nI know, especially in the United States.\nsometimes its an eating disorder\nIt really can be, like gorging and then throwing it all up.
I like jazz music. It is a genre that originated from New Orleans by the African Americans\nOh, Mee too like jazz music. can you share more about that\nMany people see Jazz music as classic music. \nIts a traditional music\nIt started in the form of independent traditional and popular music styles\nAs jazz spread around the world, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, which gave rise to many distinctive styles.
i love me some pasta\nit is very good! Pasta  is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine\nwhen was it created\nif i recall first reference dating to 1154 in Sicily\nwhat can you make with it
I am a computer programmer. I do not have a degree in it, though.\nI'm studying to be a programmer and computer engineer myself.\nThat's awesome. I have two degrees in environmental engineering, but I love programming!\nOh cool! I want to get better at programming and software engineering since I'm not great yet.\nYou will get there! It takes years to master a subject and a craft.\nAre you more of an engineer in your career than a computer programmer?\nMy job requires a bit of both. I have to use programmable logic controllers and software integrated with engineered devices.
Clowns have a long tradition of using lots of variety in their costumes\nI'm not sure how I really feel about clowns. I never thought about it much until the media started making them scary.\nI saw "It" and I'm pretty sure how I feel about clowns.\nI saw that plus the remake and the remake makes clowns a lot more scarier. I'm surprised they still have them in the circus.\nI haven't seen the remake yet. Not brave enough.  The clown from Poltergeist was pretty evil, too.\nClowns were so innocent I'm not sure when they started getting a bad rap.\nWhat was the name of the evil clown from American Horror Story?  That made it clear to me I was right to mistrust them.\nI know who you mean but I don't remember the name. I would probably freak out if a clown came too close.
I love the colour red. Its so vibrant.\nI do too. It really pops!\nWe couldnt have any cool RGB things in our computers without it. Its one of the primary colors.\nWhat does it mean to be a primary color?\nIt means that with the use of combination of those 3 colors you can make almost any color. Red sits at the end of the spectrum, close to orange, but opposite of violet.\nOh ok, I understand. What are the other primary colors?
I know many people think of pasta as Italian, but I love it here in America!\nThere is indefinitely a difference between what American's consider pasta and what Italians consider pasta.\nOh, I don't doubt that. I know dried pasta is very convenient, but many think fresh pasta is better tasting.\nI prefer fresh. But making fresh pasta is a huge time commitment.\nYes, it is. I know there are many machine-made pasta, but not quite the same as hand-made.\nI was raised on fresh pasta but never from a machine. It's more time consuming to prep, clean and store.
I love pasta! It's a staple of Italian cuisine\nPasta is the best! I think spaghetti is my favorite dish!\nSpaghetti is great, you can make it with rice flour for people who avoid gluten\nDo you know how to make your own pasta?
Snoop Dogg is an old school rapper with his career starting almost 30 years ago.\nYeah, he's been around a while. I wonder how many hits he's had??
I have brown hair - the most common color other than black\nI think my is black but it might just be really dark brown\nEumelain is what causes dark hair - the more of it there is the darker the hair\nOh really? I guess I must have a lot of it then.
I have brown hair.\nMe too! Pretty much everybody in my family does, since we're all descendants of central Europeans.\nMost of my family has brown hair also.\nHave you ever tried to dye it? I attempted to dye my hair blue before, but it didn't take since my hair is so dark. I would probably have to bleach it to make it work.\nI have dyed my hair a few times with success. In order to do colorful or bright, it would need to be bleached first.
i love baking ,i bake cakes for my family every weekends
I enjoy jazz music, or "America's classical music" as some like to call it. Do you like jazz?\nI do like Jazz. I think Billie Holiday and The Rippingtons are great!\nOh yes, Billie Holiday, or Lady Day as her friend used to call her. She was a legend for sure!\nYes Lady Day! I really liked a lot of her songs.\nWhat I loved about her was that she has excellent vocal delivery and improvisational skills. \nOh yes I think she did a lot of doo wop
I like jazz. Do you?\nI'm actually not a fan of jazz, but many people are and it is hailed as one of America's original art forms.\nI see do you like rock music or heavy metal?\nI like rock a lot better even though it was influenced by jazz. It was also influenced by the "British Invasion" in 1964.\nThe British invaded a lot of places didnt they? because they were imperialists. 
I have a high body weight, and am considered obese. I really struggle with finding motivation to exercise.
I love the color red - it has been an important color for centuries\nIt has been important both negative and positive.
I have brown hair.\nIt has a categorized as higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nI wonder why brown or darker color hairs are more common than blond or red hair.\nblond" is first documented in English in 1481 and derives from Old French "blund, blont", meaning "a colour midway between golden \nSo records show that blond hair didn't exist before? Do you think it's possible for new hair colors to naturally start existing then?\nYes. Do you know that People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette, \nYes, I wonder if there's a name for people with black hair since we have brunettes, redheads, and blonds.
Jazz has got to be one of my favorite music genres.\nreally? It reminds me of that movie where he's obsessed with jazz\nYep I really like it! It comes from blues and ragtime music.\nwow really? I never really got into it!
I think a lot of people want to blame obesity on the person, but I think some cases can be blamed on genes.  What do you think?\nI think that genes do have some to do with obesity with different health problems\nMe too the problems with obesity are obvious, as it can cause many diseases and conditions like type 2 diabetes and even cancer.\nIt can also lead to heart disease and stroke as well making it even harder to be active to not be obese..
So I'm on a serious diet with exercise to combat my obesity. I currently weigh 300 lbs.\nTell me about your diet?\nI'm using the Paleolithic diet (which is also known as the caveman diet).  Very lean and clean.\nSo I'm guessing mostly fish and chicken, what are the benefits of this diet?
I don't do Alcohol because of my religious beliefs.Sobriety
I would love to take a wine tasting course.\nWine tasting has been around since the 14th century.  I really love wine so a wine tasting course would be fun.\nI love wine too!  I remember doing some wine tasting when I visited Napa, but I would like to learn more about different wines\nOne of my favorite types of wine is cabernet sauvignon.  Which is one of the most popular and recognized red varietals.\nWhat about Merlot?, could you tell me what is different about it?\nMerlot is deemed to be "softer" and "fleshy" than cabernet which is usually smokier and deeper.\nWhat about the whites what is the difference between a Pinot Griggio and a Sauvignon?
I have quite a lot of energy, but I know some people just aren't as lucky. Is their a medical condition for being constantly tired?
Do you like Wine tasting? It's sensory examination and evaluation of wine\nI have tried a couple of times, but i cant taste the difference :D i always order the cheapest one, how do they do it?\nI have no idea :) Informal tasting use much less analytical process\nThats crazy, i know that some somaliers make a lot of money for just tasting wine, thats crazy for me, its like a dream job :D\nI guess if you like wine it is a dream job. I don't drink alcoholic beverages but i do like grape juice\ni like some of them, i like hard alcoholic drinks, but i drink them rarely, so a dream job for you would be a grape juice somalier :D
I love the taste of Gouda cheese.\nMe too! it is such a great mild cheese\nI eat it usually on the weekends with wine.\nIt pairs great with it and it is one of the most popular cheeses in the world\nThat does not surprise me.
I love fast cars which is why I bought a Ferrari.\nYeah Ferrari is my favorite sports car manufacturer in Maranello\nI wonder how much the very first Ferrari cost to buy.
Red is one of my favorite colors and it is next to orange on the spectrum of light.\nI love red too.\nI think I prefer blue but red is one of my favorite colors, even light red.\nYea they are both great since they have so many shades and arent tacky.\nAgreed, it is also a primary color.\nYea its very popular with people and in nature a bit too
Hi, I work as a clown at a local circus.\nThat sounds like a fun job! Do you perform slapstick type physical comedy or mime style?\nYea it is! I mostly do slapstick type because the kids like it more.\nI can see that! Clowns are very good at entertaining large audiences, even at a distance! \nI agree, I usually gather about 300 people for my shows. When they leave, they cry because they wasted their money!
I know it's kind of weird...but I like to take cold showers :)
My favorite food is pasta. It is a noodle made from unleavened dough.\nYes; I am a pasta eater too.  I shouldn't have the carbs, I guess; but pasta is great.  Spaghetti is among my favorite meals.\nI love spaghetti. It is a long, thin, cylindical form of pasta.\nYes; I am also a fan of fettuccine, too.  What about you?  Is there much difference between fettuccine and spaghetti?\nFettuccina is a type of pasta popular in Tuscan cousine. The shape is flatter than spaghetti.\nInteresting.  What other types of pastas are there?
I'm awful at cooking so I guess I'm bad at baking too. The most common baked good is bread and I can't even make that!\nWhat are some techniques used for baking?\nWell, one of the obvious ones is using an oven but you can also bake on hot ashes/stones. \nThat sounds similar to grilling. I'm more of a grill type person myself.\nMe too. Honestly, the closest I will get to baking anything is in the Easy-Bake Oven which is a working toy oven introduced in 1963 by Hasbro. Yes I know, my baking levels are that of a child.\nI always wanted one of those when I was a kid. Do they still make them?
Hi there! Have you ever heard of the San Diego Comic-Con?
I love pasta! Which is your favorite, dried or fresh?\ni love fresh if i can get it but its hard these days\nYes, it is. Fresh pasta was traditionally made by hand, but now fresh pasta is commercially produced, thank goodness. I'd rather buy it in a supermarket than make it by hand!\nyea but at a restaurant fresh would be really cool and tasty.\nVery true! Sometimes I eat pasta made with rice flour. It's not bad and it helps my gluten intolerance. Have you tried rice pasta?\ni think i have but i dont care as much for it\nYeah, it's not the same. It's hard to believe that there are 310 specific forms of pasta. There's truly something for everyone!\nYea so many cultures have made a version themselves.
I'm not really a fan of the color red.\nI love red. All the the shades from red crimson to red burgundy are so pretty!\nI think pink is a really cool color, but regular red just doesn't do it for me.  Maybe it is just too warm.\nMy favorite planet is Mars because it's red. Iron oxide is what gives it red tint.\nIron oxide is rust.  A lot of the earth's surface is also inundated with iron oxide, and other iron compounds, such as iron sulfate (pyrite).\nI just don't see how you hate red. It has a lot of important history. Roman Generals used to paint their bodies red to celebrate victories.\nRed
I work at the local Target store. It's pretty easy.\nOh I love Target! It's the second largest discount retailer in the US. \nThat's big. I guess Walmart is probably the largest. You seem knowledgeable, what else can you tell me about Target?\nWell, the first one opened in 1962. They were briefly in Canada, I'm so sad it didn't work out. \nThat's older than I would assume. And I wonder why that didn't work out! Do you happen to know how many stores they have across the U.S.?
I work at a daycare the ages we take care of is from 6 weeks and up\nWhat do you enjoy most about this age group?\nI think I like that really we are the childs first teachers\nWhat is most difficult about this age group?
Forza Motorsport! I love Ferraris, the italian sports car and Motorsports!!!\nNice! I don't know much about them, but I do know they're fast luxury cars.
Good evening, have you ever been to a circus and encountered a comic performer such as a clown?\nYes indeed! Gotta say -- I'm not a big fan. There's something a bit creepy about them. How about you?
Im a sports man ,Physical fitness is regular stuff I do to keep fit.\nMe too, physical fitness is really about eating right, getting the proper amount of rest and vigorous exercise\nWhat steps do I need to take to keep my body in shape?\nFitness means being fit and able to exercise and do strenuous daily activites\nSo what type of  food do I need to eat regularly?\nFruits, veggies & protein and your body should be able to function efficiently and resist certain diseases\nWhat techniques do you suggest? Have you heard of yoga?\nYoga is good but you also need vigorous workouts to perform sports and occupational work as well as daily activities\nWhat can you tell me on yoga?
Once I swam with a Manta ray. \nThat's incredible, was it a reef manta ray? They're the biggest species out of all of them\nI really don't know they were pretty large, do you know anything else?\nThey were first given the name in 1868 by an Australian Museum director, they are relatively docile too.\nDid  you know that The greatest threat to manta rays is over fishing?\nI would believe it, their pectoral fins are super delicate too, you can't catch and release them. Humans are demons.\nI know right we could do so much better not only to Manta rays but all animals.
I don't like hair coloring
I would love a Ferrari! It is an Italian sports car manufacturer based in Maranello.\nI'd love one too! Which model would you buy?\nI think I might want a Diablo! It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni"\nWow! I had no idea Ferrari has been around that long! Do you know how many cars the company produces per year?\nI dont think it is a ton since the are so expensive! but In 2014, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand in the world\nThat's very impressive! Why do you suppose that is? Is it the company's wealth?
My brother is a soldier and i really think he is extremly brave.\nThat is cool they fight along side a army.\nYes, but  it's a very dangerous task i think soldiers really are people that love their country\nThe word "soldier" derives from the Middle English word "soudeour", most people dont know that.\nthat is so interesting i would have never imagined could you tell me more about the history of soldiers?\nIn most armed forces use of the word "soldier" has taken on a more general meaning. It now a days means grunt \nWow, interesting do you know any soldiers?\nMy brother! soldiers" are referred to by names or ranks which reflect an individual's military occupation  so the use a lot of titles.\nOh, i didn't know that what are some of the ranks you mention
Do you believe that there will ever be an alien invasion?\nno. only in science fiction stories and movies lol \namazing, since you are quite knowledgeable, how do we define an alien invasion? 
My favorite food is pasta, i love it so much that i started making my own pasta! Do you like Pasta?\nI love pasta it has been a staple food in my home as well as Italian cuisine since 1154 in Sicily\nYes its really a staple of italian cuisine! What is your favorite pasta dish? Mine is carbonara, i like eggs and bacon add pasta there and its the best thing for me :D\nThat sounds great! I really like spaghetti and lasagna. But recently I started using a gluten free rice pasta.  \nIts okay, but i like the real deal, regular italian pasta, sometimes i only eat it with some cheese and olive oil\nI have been dieting so I had to cut back. But the store has a lot of variety when it comes to fresh and dried pasta\nYes it does, have you tried bean starch pasta, its completely transparent, tasty and light in calories
I'm not very religious so I don't know a lot about gospel music, can you tell me anything about that style?\nOf course! I'd love to, I'm a huge fan of gospel music! It's known for its dominant vocals, strong use of harmony and Christian lyrics. It's really beautiful music.\nThat does sound powerful just reading about it, does it have a long history?\nIt does, but it's not well documented. The earliest use of the term "gospel song" was first published in 1874.\nOh I would imagine it's probably older than that given the history of churches I guess. Are there any famous gospel artists I should know about?\nWell actually, before it was known as gospel music, that typical style of music can be traced back to the early 17th century.\nOh cool, did it have a different name back then?\nNot really, it was known for it's hand clapping, foot stomping and a cappella singing though!\nThat does sound familiar now that I think about what I've seen. Do you know anything else interesting about gospel?
I just dyed my hair burgandy, kind of regretting it\nOh wow!  Did you have it done  professionally by a hairdresser or did you do it yourself at home?\nI did it at home and obviously did not think it through, Burgandy is not a natural hair color so it looks weird\nInterestingly, in 2016 sales for home coloring kits were close to $2.2 billion!  So you're probably not the only one to choose a, shall we say, unfortunate color!\nWell at least I picked a good brand, Loreal, the cheap brands will burn and damage hair\nThank goodness for small favors!  LOL Why did you want to color it?  For cosmetic reasons, to cover gray?\nTo cover gray for sure!
My favorite color is red, it's flashy, catches people's attention, and is used everywhere for all kinds of purposes!\nMine too! Its said that red makes a person appear more attractive, like an illusion of sorts!\nOh yeah, I'm not surprised. Red and other colors are super influential. Cops are more likely to pull over a car if it's red.\nOh no! I need a new car now. Lol\nSame actually. I have a dark red Chevy Cruze and I worry sometimes because of it. I've been lucky so far, knock on wood!\nYeah!!! I wonder when the color red first appeared in pigments according to humans?
I have a friend who is struggling maintaining her sobriety. She says it's tough to achieve a life balance.\nStruggling with addiction is so hard you're a good person for listening to her. Is it drugs or alcohol?\nThank you. It's alcohol. She spent some time in a treatment setting to get started on the path to sobriety, but now that she's out, she's having a tough time.\nLet her know you'll be there for her during thoughts of relapse. Is she attending AA classes? I know those help a lot.\nShe isn't, but I'll definitely pass on the suggestion! She said the first physical effects of withdrawal were tough, but the second stage, PAWS, might be worse!\nCan you tell me what PAWS means? Hopefully she has an AA sponsor!
I'm looking for a new recipe and want to experiment with gouda cheese.  Do you have any ideas?\nIt's such a mild Dutch cheese, that it goes well with lots of things. You can even just melt it on toast!\nSo it's mild.  That's great to know. What else can you tell me about gouda?
the number 7 is a great number.\nAbsolutely, it follows 6 and precedes 8! What fun!\nyea i love 17 as a number the most but both are good\n1 and 7 are very similar, it's important to distinguish the upward stroke of the 7 glyph from the long upward stroke in the glyph for 1\nyea those two can get confusing
I find Ferrari's interesting but don't know much about them\nIts only of the most iconic Italian sports car company in the world and makes all their cars in Maranello, Italy.\nSo there's no other manufacturing warehouse for Ferrari anywhere in the world?\nNope and it was bought by Fiat in 1969 and 1988 for a combined stake of 90 percent.\nYou seem very knowledgeable about Ferrari! What else do you know about them? \nIt was founded by Enzo Ferrari and the Ferrari Enzo is one of the most expensive classic car in the world.\nDo you happen to know how much?
I love rock and roll, now put another dime in the jukebox baby.\nOh rock and roll is amazing. It originated during the late 1940s?\nThat sounds about right, whats your fav artist?\nBon Jovi would probably have to be my favorite artist, but I also like listening to older artist like the Beatles.\nI like the Beatles too. Abbey Road is my favorite album,
I love comedy clubs and I've always wanted to go to one specific one on Times Square called Carolines on Broadway. Heard of it?\nI haven't, I've heard of one called The Comedy Store I think in California, but I might be getting the name wrong.
Red and orange are violent colors  at the end of the visible spectrum of light,\nThey are at the end of the spectrum. I find it interesting to think of whats beyond the visible spectrum. Did you know some insects can see beyond violet?\nyes, Colors can be measured and quantified in various ways\nHave you learned about the physics of light in school? \nNo, but I know due to biology different people see the same illuminated object or light source in different ways.\nDid you know most people think that dogs only see black and white, but they also see some shades of blue and yellow.
I am always so tired.  I'm beginning to wonder if I have chronic fatigue syndrome.\nIf you do, you can treat it with cognitive behavioral therapy.\nwhat does that consist of?\nIt focuses on coping strategies such as problem solving.\nAre there any other therapies available?\nSome sources say rintaloimod, a medication, might help.\nI wonder if there are any symptoms beyond just being tired all the time?
i have brown hair but i dye it black\nBrown hair is actually the second most popular hair color after black! My hair is brown too.\ni didn't know that i thought blond hair would be second most popular after black\nMaybe because brown hair has so much variation. It can range from a light brown to nearly black. That's pretty broad I think.\nyes, i agree! \nI never realized until recently that brown hair strands are actually thicker than those of fair hair. I thought they were all the same!\nthat's interesting. i learned something new today :) do you know any other cool facts?\nPeople with brown hair are known as brunette. That term came from the French word brunet! \noh that's where it came from, i always wondered
You like jazz? I do, it's music that originated in the African American communities here in the US.\nYes, I love jazz music! It's very relaxing to me. Who is your favorite jazz musician?
My friend was just diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but I don't know much about it.\nIts characterized by long term fatigue and other symptoms and it severely limits a persons ability to live a normal life\nWhat are the other symptoms?\nMostly the fatigue that is not warranted or due to strenuous ongoing exertion\nThat sounds awful. I wonder how common it is?\nNot sure but there is no real cure there is limited treatment\nWhat is the treatment?
I love pasta. Havent had it in a while.\nPasta is an Italian food staple for sure\nIs there a good italian place where you live?\nYeah and pasta dates back to 1154 in Sicily\nVery specific. How do you know so much about pasta?\nI love pasta and its commonly referred to as noodles\nIve never heard any one call it noodles before.\ntwo categories of pasta are dried and fresh, I make mine fresh with the pasta machine\nThats cool. I wish I had a pasta machine. Arent they very expensive?
My hair is black. What color is your hair?\nI have black hair, too! It's probably because it's the most common of all human hair colors across the entire globe. We're just a part of larger populations that have this dominant trait!\nIf you could change your hair color, what would it be?
Hi, i really like to have a cold shower \nWhat is it that you like about cold showers?\nrather than indoor or man made, i love to have shower under waterfalls\nInteresting! Do you use soap when you shower under a waterfall?\nwell,people reproduce natural phenomena by pouring jugs of water which is cold after washing.\nHow many cold showers have you taken in your lifetime?\ni love to have it weekly if possible.\nDo you take hot showers too?
I go to the San Diego Comic-Con every year.\nIt looks rather fun! I've never been to a comic-con. Do you dress up?
i love girls with brown hair makes them so beautiful.
My favorite color is red. It is at the end of the visible spectrum of light. I love how bright it is.\nI like red as well, it reminds me of pokemon red
Have you been to San Diego Comic-Con?! It's such a big part of popular culture, and has grown so much since it's early days as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970!\nI haven't cosplay culture has always been on the fringe of my social circles though, I see a ton of it on Reddit.\nThere are some *amazing* cosplay creations and creators! Do you have a favorite? A specific character or costume?\nI personally love Geralt from the Witcher series, anyone who can resemble him is some kinda cool guy
I think Harley-Davidson motorcycles, an American manufacturer, are so cool but they are slightly out of my budget.\nyes i love harleys\nDo you own a Harley as I understand there are many owner clubs and events for owners.\nnot yet I just got an awesome scooter that goes 70 so my  next bike will be a harley
Red is such a pretty color!  Mars is a red planet, and the red color comes from iron oxide!\nred is cool or should I say hot :)\nIt is both cool and hot!  haha!  And it is a primary color in the RGB color model\nyeah, red, green and blue\nExactly!  And it is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light as well.\njmmm, at the end, I did not know that
I think Snoop Dogg is a ok rapper\nSnoop Dogg's 1993 album Doggy-style was the soundtrack of my high school years! I've been a fan ever since!\nDo you think he was every a real gangster
I love Snoop Dogg, have you ever heard of him?
Hi, how are you?\ngreat how are you?
I really like baking.  One of the most common things to bake is bread.\nDo you know when baking first originated?\nI do not know when it was first originated.  I would assume a long time ago though!  I do know in the past baking was typically performed by women in the house.\nWhat are the main baked good that are popular around the world?\nBreads are the most common and important foods.  Both from an economic and cultural point of view.  Cake's and pastries are popular as well but bread is by far the most popular.\nWhat is the process of making bread?\nBread is normally prolonged in dry heat, typically in an oven.  It can also be made in hot ashes or on hot stones.\nHow did early bakers bake their good?
Ferrari is an awesome sports car manufacturer\nFerraris are great cars but I think I prefer Lamborghini overall.
I like to buy biscuits for my dog, but he has dental problems so I need to get something softer for him now\nOh, wow! Have you tried Dentastixs? We use those for our dog.
Do you have a favorite superhero? I LOVE superman\nMy favorite superhero definitely has to be Batman.  In the DC universe anyway.\nYes, Batman is awesome too. Not as awesome as superman though :) Did you Batman vs Superman movie?\nI did see it!  Ben Affleck was not my favorite choice for Batman but Jesse Eisenberg played a great Lex Luther.\nI agree about Ben Affleck. I actually don't like him at all\nHe played in Daredevil, too.  I much preferred Jenifer Garner as Elektra.\nI've never watched Daredevil
I work at the local Target store. It's pretty easy.
Baking cakes can be quite fun. Holiday or birthday... there is always a special day to create an attractive delicious cake.\nI love baked goods, ive always thought being a baker would be cool.\nI think I love the attraction of attempting different techniques with icing.  If I were to choose to become a baker, I'd be very fat lol
Italian food is so good, especially pasta! It's typically a noodle made from wheat flour dough.\nI love Italian food. I only know how to make spaghetti and lasagna. Do you make a lot of Italian food?\nDefinitely! It involves a lot of baking and boiling, especially with pasta involved.\nOh yes, even with just spaghetti there is quite a bit of boiling. What different types of Italian food do you make?
Do you love exercise?I do it to keep fit.Its called physical fitness.\nI do not love to exercise at all.  I know I should, and I feel better when I do, but I don't like it!\nIt's a  state of health and well-being .So I advice you should .\nYes, I agree.  I would feel much better if I did it more often.  It is hard to find the time.  Do you exercise at home or in a gym?
I am pretty toned from exercise, how about you?\nNot really. I did a lot of strength training back in high school a couple years ago and other exercises.\nMy husband and I have a total gym, and love toning exercises\nI've seen that infomercial on tv for years now.\nIt is a wonderful machine for physical fitness without strain on your back and muscles
I have chronic fatigue syndrome. It really limits my daily activities.  \nsorry to hear that. What are the symptoms?\nMostly it's long-term fatigue that rest does not help. No one knows the cause.\nIs this something that can be treated?
I love the number 7.  What do you think about that?\nYeah its a good number.  Comes after 6 and before 8 lol.  What do you like about it? Has it been lucky for you?\nIt has been lucky for me and I like that it is used in slot machines.\nOh yes I get you now.  7 is a lucky number with slots and various casio gambling machines with the reels.  Have you ever had a big win?\nI guess it depends on how you define a big win.  I think 7 is lucky certain cultures.  Do you know if that's true?
Hi, I love Jazz, which is a music genre that originated in the African-American \nThat is amazing, since when have this type of music been in existence \nFor a long time actually, but it was in the 1920s through the Jazz Age, that jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression.\nI love it sometimes too but i am not familiar to any artiste that sings it. Do you know of any
I've always wanted to go to San Diego's Comic-Con! Have you ever gone?\nI have not but I have wanted to go as well! It was founded in 1970!\nOh really? I had no idea! It seems so popular recently! I know the stars of my favorite show, The Walking Dead, usually make an appearance! What else can you do at Comic-Con?\nWell it is a 4 day event held every summer. You can meet your favorite characters and creators of many different comic related things.\nIt seems like a huge event! Do you know how many people usually attend?\nI'm not sure actually but I know it's a lot. Comic Con International also hosts two other conventions called WonderCon and the Alternative Press Expo.\nThanks I'll have to check those out too! Do most people wear costumes to Comic-Con? I don't want to look out of place!\nYes you can there are many who do! Also, pre registered guests can attend a pre-event to give them an opportunity to walk the exhibit hall before it gets crowded!\nI'll definitely do that! Thanks for the tip! Anything else I should know before I plan my trip?
I used to work in a day-care when i was younger.\nOh really? Child care is really important, so that's good experience!\nIt had  its ups and downs.I had to be very patient sometimes.\nYeah I'm sure, especially since child care is always with young kids between ages six and thirteen.\nYes,kids at that age need special attention.It is the growing phase.
I just dyed my hair blonde this afternoon. Do you like blondes?\nHair dying is the practice of changing hair color to look good\nWell, they do say blondes have more fun like in the movie Legally Blonde.
I love jazz music but I don't know much about it .Call you tell me more?\nJazz is a musical genre\nI know it is,more descriptive pls\nJazz is seen by many as American Classics\nDon't understand! When was the first jazz music record?\nJazz started since 1920\nWNO was the first jazz artist ever recorded?
i love going to comedy clubs. I am thinking about going to Carolines on Broadway\nI'm jealous, that sounds fun!  It's one of the most established stand-up clubs in the U.S.\nis it actually on Broadway or is sort of close to broadway
I love Snoop Dogg, have you ever heard of him?\nI sure have. I'm not incredibly familiar with his work as a singer/songwriter, but I really like Snoop Dogg's personality and business sense.\nHe's sure made a lot of money from his connection to marijuana. I really like his song Gin and Juice.\nWas that on his debut album "Doggystyle?"\nI'm not sure to be honest, it may have been. Urijah Faber used it as his walk out song for his MMA fights.\nUrijah Faber.... That sounds familiar. Is he the mixed martial artist who used to wear dreadlocks?\nYes that's correct. He was also known as The California Kid, he was a very accomplished fighter in the UFC.
I have brown hair unlike my sister who is blonde
bakers love to make breads and other stuff using an oven \nYes they do. Are you a baker ? Do you like baking ?\nyes I am, i work in a bakery\nThat sounds like an interesting job. I myself love going to the bakery. My favorite bakery item is strawberry shortcake
Red the color at the end of the visible light spectrum looks good on everyone. Don't you think?\nI am more of a fan of green.  That would leave us only one primary color: Blue.\nBut the dominant wavelength of red is approximately 625740. That's impressive!\nHey, i have seen many a red sunset, and the wavelength you have mentioned is the reason.\nI'm sure those sunsets were brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion. The most beautiful red.\nAh yes, vermillion.  I like that almost as well as scarlet.\nThe red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering.\nHmm, i didn't know the name.  Is it named after James Rayleigh?
My favorite color is red, it's also a primary color in the RGB color model?\nyes the three primary colors are yellow, red, and blue, blue is my favorite
Seven's my favorite number, because everyone says it's a lucky number.. but why do they say that! What's the history behind 7\n Well is the natural number following 6 and preceding 8.\nOf course... but is there more about it? Why has it been seen as somewhat of a special number throughout history? Anything interesting about it?
We had circus in the area last week.  I am not a fan of the clowns. Are you? 
What does wine tasting imply?\nWine tasting means that wine is examined and evaluated by a person\nis this usually done for wine manufacturers? 
I have purple dyed hair and I love, love, love it!\nWow really? What made you do that?\nWell, I figured if I don't want gray hair I might as well be bold.\nHow do your friends and family like it?\nActually, I get a lot of compliments.  It's a deep purple that only really stands out in the sun.  Today hair coloring is very popular.\nI bet! Purple is definitely one of the more extreme choices for hair coloring. I've only seen college-aged students with purple hair.
I want to learn more about jazz music\nI don't know much about jazz music. Apparently jazz originated in New Orleans in the 19th and 20th centuries.\nmmm, interesting. it's roots can be traced back to africa and europe 
I've been really stressed lately. Does it ever happen to you that you eat way too much when in stress?\nSometimes.  I am definitely more impulsive when I'm stressed out.\nMe too, I just act on a whim when stressed sometimes. however even though stress can be horrible, sometimes it may be beneficial too, for example in competetive situations.\nI agree.  Sometimes stress can help me be more motivated as well - if I have an upcoming deadline for example.  \nIt does play a role in motivation, as well as adaptation to the environment. I myself started thinking of stress as a more positive thing, in the past I used to only focus on the discomfort.\nIn what ways has it been positive in your life recently
Ferrari N.V. is my favortie Italian sports car. What do you think?\nHonestly I don't know anything about sports car is it like a luxury car?\nOh yes, it is, it's very fancy! It's founder, Enzo Ferrari, had high aspirations for his company in 1939\nThey must go for a whole lot of money I bet especially if they are very fancy are they legal to drive in the US.
I love rap music.\nRap is popular worldwide especially in Europe. I dont know too many non UK rappers though.\nNeither do I, I prefer USA rap.\nI love 90s rap like Snoops first album. I dont listen to too many artists nowadays especially mainstream rappers.\nSnoop Dogg\nI cant believe hes not as best selling as other artists. Hes only sold 35 million albums around the world.\nI have met Snoop Dogg before. He was really cool.\nDo you have a favorite song from Snoop. Mine is definitely Gin and Juice.\nI love Gin and Juice also. But I would say Who Am I.
I don't do Alcohol because of my religious beliefs.Sobriety\nI am sober too, not for religious reasons. I just prefer to not have any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nSo what is alcohol made of?
I've always wanted to color my hair some wild color like purple or green, but I'm not young enough for that.\nI don't think it matter how old you are! I'd say if you want to change the hair color go for it!\nMy husband would have a heart attack if I came home with purple hair.  I have learned that the older I get, the less I care about what others think.
My favorite number is seven, also the 7 number is a natural number following 6 and preceding 8\noh the number 7 is sweet.. thats my fav number as well\nThats great !  Another fact about 7 is that hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke that looked like a J\nthats very interesting
Hello, I am interested in hair coloring, or hair dyeing, It is cool to change hair color\nI think it is too. I changed my hair color in the past from black to dark blonde, it was interesting.\ndid you bleach it to make it blonde?\nNot really, I do not like bleaching, I just used a regular hair dye and surprisingly it worked, just turned out a different shade than expected.\nYes it can damage hair, it is so interesting 75% of women in some cities like Copenhagen use hair dye\nThis sounds like a lot. It doesn't surprise me though, women like change, it's boring to always look the same.
I can bake a mean cake. Have you ever baked?\nOh yeah, baking is a lot of fun since I love cooking food.\nWhat do you like to bake? I have made bread from scratch\nI really love baking and cooking up cakes and bread.\nThat sounds delicious. I need to bake more\nSame, but it takes a lot of heat and like hot ashes or stones.\nHeat is essential to so much food!\nDefinitely, things like hot ashes and stones can cook it and kill bacteria.\nI bet that it is important for sanitation
Do you like to color your hair? Mine is purple. \nI did when I was in my 20s and already getting the salt and pepper look.  I finally embraced it since I am a guy and in my early 30s!  What made you choose purple?\nI change it up quite often, but purple seems mysterious so I like it the most. \nInteresting!  Is it expensive to continually change and maintain different hair colors?\nIt would cost a lot if I had it done professionally, but I do it myself so it isn't too bad. As a guy, how much does it cost you?\nI would just get the cheap do it yourself brand for like 5 bucks.  How much does it cost you?
I've had issues with my weight in the past. I'm doing really well and have lost almost 50 pounds so far.\nObesity increases the likelyhood of other conditions. I'm glad you lost the extra weight. \nIt definitely does. So many health complications can be prevented by healthy eating. Although I do have a sweet tooth. But you can still eat it, it's all about portion control.\nYep, healthy eating is crucial. An unhealthy diet can cause diseases such as blindness, anemia, or health-threatening conditions.  \nYes. My dad passed away from diabetic complications. That's one of the reason I decided to tackle obesity and take control.\nHow will you change your diet moving forward? Good nutrition promotes biological development and elongate length of life.\nYes it does. We never fry anything and mostly eat healthy. Salads, vegetables, fish, poultry. 
It is a shame how many people are obese nowadays.
I love to read fiction how about you?\nyes i love the classification for any story or setting that is derived from imagination of the author!\nYeah some are really good! do you have a favorite?\ni enjoy gothic fiction, which is largely known by the subgenre of gothic horror, is a genre or mode of literature and film that combines fiction and horror or death\nYeah like lovecraft?
I love the color red. It is so vibrant!\nThen join me friend, let's venture to the Red Planet! Let's go to Mars with Elon Musk!\nWho is Elon Musk? Haha! I know the Red Planet is Mars, but I'm lost on Elon. \nElon Musk is the founder of SpaceX which is short for the Space Exploration Company. His Falcon Heavy rocket could take us to Mars.\nWell let's go! This world is pretty terrible, so I'm willing to check out the next one.\nWell I hope you don't bring too much luggage. The Falcon Heavy rocket can only get 8,000 kilograms to Geostationary Orbit.\nOh no. Better leave most of my wardrobe then. I have so many clothes it's not funny!\nWell we don't exactly have access to a Space Elevator. Although that would be a fairly convenient way to avoid needing such big rockets.\nHaha that is true! When are we heading out? 
I love Jazz music me and my friends go to a local Jazz club twice a month.\nthat sounds like fun. i like jazz its one of Americas oringinal art forms\nThat is great who is your favorite Jazz singer?\nSarah Vaughan was great in from 1924-1990\nIt is so crazy you said I promise I love Sarah Vaughan as well was going to tell you that my favorite song of hers is the man I love very classic. lol\nWow awesome, She has been said to have "one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century"\nShe is her vocals and her sound is very unique she was a great women in the Jazz world. 
I'm having pasta tonight for dinner. Do you enjoy pasta?\nSounds delicious! Yes, I enjoy pasta. I like the traditional spaghetti and meatballs! How about you?\nYes, I enjoy it, especially big meatballs. Do you Fettuccine pasta? \nYes, I enjoy Fettuccine pasta. I think it's the best with Alfredo sauce. What other pastas do you like?\nI like regular macaroni pasta, with cheese! Do you?\nI love macaroni and cheese. It's been my favorite since I was a kid. Have you tried other pastas?\nYes, Linguine is another I enjoy. I like the size and texture. You?
Gosh I just love the comic con, especially the one in San Diego that celebrates every year!\nwho is your favorite character!\nMy favorite might be Marceline, the 1000 year old vampire queen!\noh never heard of her. sounds interesting\nMarceline is a character from Adventure Time.  It's an animated series by Pendleton Ward.\nis that a comic or tv show ?
I just love pasta but I cant eat it right now\nReally? Why not? I love it! It's a staple food in Italy. If was first discussed in literature in 1115 in Sicily. \nit has too many carbs for a low cal diet, I think Italy where it was first eaten right?\nYes! Maybe you can enjoy an alternative type like pastas made from rice flour? It's pretty good and has more protein. \nno rice or rice flour either, coconut flour or almond flour only. I wonder how many pasta dishes there are, probably too many variations to count I suppose
Jazz is super groovy, man. Ever heard of it?\nYes I have. I originated in the early 20th century in New Orleans communities! Who do you like?\nOh man, I have a smarty pants on my hands!  I love me some Miles Davis. Where did jazz originate?\nJazz is considered to be "American's classical music" to some. In New Orleans is where it originated.\nOh, no specific building or anything? Cool. Who is one of your favorite jazz artists and why do you like them?\nJazz is considered to be a truly original art form. I rally enjoy Charles Mingus\nWhat instruments are usually used in a jazz orchestra?
My cousin just gave birth to twin boys\nWow, having two kids in the same pregnancy must have been an experience.\nWell she had a daughter first but still it was a unexpected surprise.\nIn fraternal twins, each twin is fertilized by its own sperm cell\nThey and identical twins the look like you copy and pasted a baby
Hello, have you colored your hair before? It is practice of changing the hair color\nYes, I have. I have done so for many years.
I  just bought a Ferrari - what an awesome Italian sports car !\nWhoa! Congrats man. I bet it's really fun to drive?
Hey, I love the Jazz music that originated from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nI do and i am also from new orleans so that is cool! What are popular instruments in jazz music?\nIt can be played in guitar, and drums. It's characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals. Its very fun. \nI see. Are there different types or categories of jazz?\nJazz spread all over the world, which created many different national and regional variations in the style. There's really too many to count!\nOhh okay. What are some countries that jazz is popular in?
My favorite color in the whole world is red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nIt red a primary or a secondary color?\nIt is a primary color in the RGB color model, and it's also in the CMYK color model. It complements cyan. \nDo you know what the color is known to represent?\nWell the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans were known to color their faces red for ceremonies, and Roman general would color their bodies when they were victorious. \nI wonder how the use of the color has evolved over the years.
hi..i like jazz very much.jazz is originated from African american communities\nIndeed it did.  In the late 19th and early 20th Century.  It developed from blues as well.\noh i think so.the american and African communities involves a lot.\nInterestingly enough many see Jazz as "American Classical Music" since it originated here.  Since the 20's it's been recognized as such.\nyes.there are several types of jazz music ,like cid Jazz ,, Avant-Garde Jazz. Big Band. Blue Note 
I really enjoy chili peppers in my meals because it proves the kick I like.\nOh dude, I love hot and spicy food. Sign me up! What was the last spicy stuff you ate?\nI had thai cuisine with extra chilis on my chicken it was so delicious.\nHmm, I've never had much Thai food. It seems a bit too exotic, but actually, I don't have any idea what it's like. What is it like?\nIts light dishes that have strong flavors and have a spicy edge to them.\nIs it a lot of pasta and/or starches? I can't do Italian on account of all the pasta, and Mexican is off limits with all the tortillas and whatnot.
I used to work outside of the home. It was difficult finding reliable child care.
I am really struggling with obesity  It is so hard to lose weight\nObesity is a serious problem that affect many people all over the world\nYes.  And it seems to be getting worse every year\nIn United States obesity is on the rise in the last few years.It has become a major health issue\nYes other countries are having this problem as well
I love to listen to jazz music.  It's very soothing.\nOh yes, especially since they have such a rich history in the African-American communities!\nI agree!  The talent of so many of the musicians is amazing!\nAbsolutely, all the great jazz musicians know how to play the swing and blue notes that characterizes jazz\nMiles Davis was one of the greatest jazz musicians.  Have you heard of him?\nOh yes, Miles Dewey Davis III was one of the greatest American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer.\nDid you know he went to The Juilliard School in New York City?  That's a very influential school for musicians.
How did the idea of dog biscuit come about?\n"Dog bread" as it was called was already mentioned since the Roman, so they have been around forever\nWow so it has been around for hundreds of years!
I love red color, is my favorite\nWell thats good color to be a fan of as it is at the end of the visable spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet\nIs red color a primary color?\nwhy yes it is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model.  It is the complementary color of cyan\nWhat more can you tell me about red color\nRed has a dominant wavelenght of approximately 625-740 nanometers\nWow I never knew that
Do you work out? I'm working pretty fierce on having a tone body. I'm into health, my well-being to perform in sports etc.\nI do work out, but I need to more often. That's great you are so dedicated to it!
I like Snoop Dogg's music. Specifically drop it like its hot\nI love Snoop Dogg, His music career actually began back in 1992 when he was picked up by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut called "Deep Cover" and "The Chronic".\nI never knew that, how long has Dr. Dre been around?\nDr. Dre whos real name is Andre Romelle Young was born February 18, 1965, His stage name is Dr. Dre,.\nHow big is Snoop Dogg's rapping career?\nPretty big actually, He's actually sold over 23 million albums in the US alone and 35 million albums worldwide.\nGood grief that must help his smoking habit well.\nHaha yes indeed, Snoop dogg is also known as the weed king, Because of his addiction to cannabis.  \nSnoop Dogg actually browses on Reddit frequently and is a moderator of a sub Reddit that is dedicated to him. I like how much he interacts with his fans.
Hey there!! How are ya?\nHey there! i'm very good! What do you know about the manta ray?\nNot much really but it was the only thing to choose from.\nWell it seems there are two different main types. One of them is very large and the other decently small.\nOkay so you know some about them. Great!! Have you ever seen one in the ocean before?\nI have seen the larger ones in the ocean and the smaller ones in aquariums. These things are super protected by government agencies in the wild and domestic.\nI didn't know that. Are the endangered then?\nNot quite, but they will be very soon. They have a very slow reproductive rate so it takes awile for new ones to be had.\nThat's unfortunate. I wonder if over fishing or pollution is the cause of their decline besides low reproductive rates?
I once saw a Manta Ray at the beach and swam right next to it!
This is a collective name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and USA\nI did not know there was an organization just for managing tree waterfalls, are they the Niagara waterfalls ?\nThey make the southern end of the Niagara Gorge\nI did not know there were specifically 3 waterfalls, do they have specific name ? \nThe waterfalls that make up Niagara are  the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls.\nI did not know that, where are they placed on Niagara Gorge ?
I have brown hair, the second most common hair color, but I wish I had black hair.\nI also have dark hair. What is that you like more about black hair?
I once swam with manta rays. They are beautiful creatures.\nManta rays are very beautiful! They are typically found in warmer subtropical waters.\nWhat do manta rays eat?\nThey are actually filter feeders, so they feed on zooplankton.\nAre manta rays at risk of being endangered?
I love to exercise. How often is recommended?\nIt is recommended to get 150 minutes of moderate exercise a week or 75 minutes of intense exercise. \nWhat kind of exercises are good?\nWeight training is great!  It is training for developing size and strength of skeletal muscles!\nCool, how about nutrition?\nNutrition is very important to good health.  Not just strength, but also immune system.\nIs sleep important too?
I love pasta, the staple Italian cuisine. Do you enjoy it?\nHmm, to say that I love pasta would be something of an understatement, let's say. What's your favorite noodle style?\nI have to say I love gnocchi. I make it myself by hand just as it was traditionally done. Sometimes people use machines, or buy commercially produced stuff. But I keep it traditional.  \nOoh I like that! Stick some nice spicy arrabbiata sauce with it, ahhhh! Have you ever had bucatini before?\nOh yeah! I love that spicy garlic and tomato sauce. No I have not had bucatini. Is that a type of cheese? \nNow you're speakin' my language. No no, it's a style of noodle, like a really long straw. Bucatini amatraciana is insanely good.\nI'll have to try it out some time soon. There are 310 different forms of pasta to taste. I've tried maybe 5 or 6.. I'm way behind schedule! \nYou can get them at Trader Joe's or like a halfway decent whole foods place, usually. Not that expensive. Also try cavatappi. It's like bucatini but little corkscrews, lol.
Do you like the number 7? I know it's obvious to say, but it's the number following 6, and coming before the number 8.\nWell liking or not liking numbers I really have not thought about\nThe Hindus use to write the number 7 as a curved stroke that looked like an inverted uppercase J.\nnumbers in different fonts are interesting to look at
Hey are you considered obese? \nNo, but I know some people that are.  It seems pretty common.
What is your favorite color, I like red. Its a primary color model.\nI love red too! \nIts next to orange on the spectrum and opposite of violet.\nReally? What about pink? I like pink too.. is there red in pink?
My friend has been sending me pictures of all the baked goods she has made recently. She must be so talented to be a baker!\nDoes she bake breads?  I love breads baked with beer froth (discovered by the Gauls) because is controlled yeast in the dough.\nYes, but I don't think she has ever used beer froth before! Can you tell me more?\nBread has to proof, or rise, before baking.  The process is known as fermentation.  Beer froth helped this process.\nThat is really interesting. I've had fermented cabbage and it's delicious. What other types of things can you bake?
Have you ever colored your hair? I made mine purple once as a kid!\nNo, I've never dyed my hair, but I've been thinking of doing it recently, due to my gray hair.\nOh, that is sad, but it could make a big difference, maybe it will make you feel younger!\nI think I'm going to have mine done by a professional hairdresser,\nthat would be smart, I messed mine up royally as a kid, it is worth the investment!\nCeltic people used to dye their hair blonde. \nis that right? that is interesitng, I wonder why!
My mother always enjoyed jazz music. I might try to find a jazz concert to give it a try\nJazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans it is also my favorite music genre\nWho are some popular jazz artists?\nRichard Gordon is an American arranger, composer, songwriter, and classically trained guitarist who has recorded several contemporary jazz music\nHow long has jazz been around?
Are fat people funiier? Maybe. what do you think?
I have CFS, is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptoms \nI'm sorry to hear that! Is there any treatment for CFS?
I love to listen gospel music,how about you.
Sobriety is the condition of not having any measurable levels or effects from alochol.\nAre there benefits to staying sober?
My father was a soldier, did you ever join the army?\nYes, I voluntarily enlisted.\nThank You for your services, what is it like being enlisted.\nIt was great, I was what you would call an infantryman in the ranks.\nWhat kind of work did you do as a infantry?
I swam with manta rays once\nThat would be such an incredible experience.. Where did it happen at?\nKona in Hawaii! Manata Rays are large rays with triangular pectoral fins!\nThat's super cool, I've always wanted to try it. Seeing as you got to do it in Hawaii makes it all the cooler! Manta Rays are very fascinating.  
Rock and Roll is my favorite music genre, are you familiar with it?\nI love Rock!  it is a popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s\nYes rock and roll evolved from from African American musical styles such as gospel, blues, jazz, boogie woogie,along with country music.\nIt did! And classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars. but now we usually add a bass to the group.\nIn the earliest rock and roll styles, either the piano or saxophone was typically the lead instrument\nWhile elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s it was not called rock until the 50's\nBesides being  a musical style, rock and roll, as seen in movies, in fan magazines and on television, influenced lifestyles, fashion, attitudes, and language
I have never drank alcohol\nThat is good, its ok not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol\nWell at least I will never be an alcoholic\nyeah Sobriety is also considered to be the natural state\nIt is very natural and authentic for me
I really like the color red. I find it beautiful.\nthe color red has a wavelength of approx. 625-740 nanometres\nIs red one of the primary colors?\nIt is at the end of the spectrum light. it sits next to orange and is opposite of violet.\noh okay. What else can you tell me about the color red?\nthe red color in blood actually comes from something called hemoglobin\nI remember that word from school. I forgot about that.\ni also read that red is one of the first colors used in prehistoric art\nOh now that is really interesting. Red is such a cool power color I find.
I like to color my hair to cover gray, do you color your hair?\nDon't tell anyone, but yes, I do!  LOL  I usually get it done professionally by a hairdresser\nOh that is good I have made a few mistakes doing my own lol
I try to stay physically fit through proper nutrition and light to moderately vigorous exercise, do you do similar things?\nI need to! It' been a while but I was way into fitness. Now my fitness is fitness this donut in my mouth. What all do you do? Way interested. \nWell you can start by just walking 30 minutes a few times a week, and then build into some kind of physical exercise like swimming or weight training. I like weight training because I like seeing my muscles grow and I find it enjoyable.\nI used to LOVE going to the gym. My life had some changes recently, it's hard getting back in the swing of things. I do, however walk 30 minutes a day. Do you stick with a certain diet?
Snoop real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHey Snoop, nice to meet you. I'm Jazzzzy. Real name Jasmine.\nAhhh I am not Snoop... lol I am talking about Snoop Dogg!  He is a music artist and performer that came out in 1992 with Dr. Dre on DEEP COVER and THE CHRONIC \nAhhhh! lol, my bad. Didn't get the 411 on the convo. So wasn't sure what wuz up. Yeah, Snoop Dogg's interesting. Been around a while. I saw him in one of the Pitch Perfect movies.\nHe is an alright actor, not the best lol But he did sell 23 million records in US and 35 around the world\nYeah, agree! And very cool to sell so many records. Not really my genre. But cool anyway. Are you a fan then?\nBack in my earlier days maybe but not now.  You heard of "Gin & Juice"?\nNope, who are they?\nlol That was a song of his. It was on album called "Doggystyle" became certified 4 platinum in 1994.\nYeah, guess it's pretty obvious I'm not much of a fan, eh? Thanks for the info though. Was quite interesting. Nice chatting with you! 
I know it's kind of weird...but I like to take cold showers :)\nYou need to take advantage of the indoor structure of showers so I say do what you want!\nOnce you get used to them, they are actually quite nice for waking you up. A bit..shocking I dare sya
How did the idea of dog biscuit come about?\n"Dog bread" as it was called was already mentioned since the Roman, so they have been around forever\nWow so it has been around for hundreds of years!\nAt least nowadays, dog biscuits tend to be hard and dry, manufacturers claim that is to keep dog teeth clean.\nhow can they get?
Do you enjoy Jazz which is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans. It developed from blues and ragtime. \nI love Jazz music. Its my favorite kind of music who is your favorite Jazz musician?\nI'm not that familiar with Jazz but I know it is viewed by many people as 'America's Classic Music' and has a large following. Who is your favorite artist?\nMy favorite jazz artist would have to be the early pioneer to the art form, Scott Joplin.
Rock and Roll is my favorite music genre, are you familiar with it?\nI love Rock!  it is a popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s\nYes rock and roll evolved from from African American musical styles such as gospel, blues, jazz, boogie woogie,along with country music.
I have been trying to lose my pregnancy weight recently and just started a new exercise program this week.\nDo you do any strength training to help lose weight?\nOnly tiny 5 pound weights for my arms while I am cycling\nThat sounds like a good starting place. Just keep gradually increasing the weight.\nI think it will be a while before that. I'm trying to increase the reps first.
A physician is a simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine\nYou must have to be smart to be a doctor. How long do you have to go to school to become one?
Hai\nhair coloring changes your hair color\nYes\nmain reason people color their hair is to cover grey or white hair\nI am cover with grey color
Hey, I really love Jazz music, that originates from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nYeah jazz music is ok.  Who is your favorite artist? \nI don't have anyone specific. But I enjoy the classic sound from the 1920s Jazz Age. It was one of the genres most prominent times.\nWhat do you think of Miles Davis? \nHe's a pretty awesome trumpeter and composer. You like his music? \nYeah he is good.  What was his style of playing known as? 
Red is one of my favorite colors, it's also the color at the end of the visible light spectrum.\ni love red! I feel like it's the color of passion and love\nI agree with that, it also has a lot of different hues, there's yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion all the way to bluish-crimson, how cool.\ni also love blue. it's so calm and peacful\nIt's crazy how colors can influence perceptions that aren't obvious, like the taste of food.\nit
i love pasta!\nI can prepare pasta a different way for my gluten free friends using rice flour in place of wheat\noh wow i wish i could do that\nWhich way do you prepare your pasta for cooking, as most dried pasta are commercially produced\noh thats cool. i jusually just get some already packaged and ready to go\nFresh pasta is usually produced with machines, and turned by hand \nthats very interesting
Do you like baking. The most common item is bread but other types of food are baked also.\nI love to eat baked goods, but am the world's worst baker! What other types of food are baked?\nCookies and cakes. The heat gradually transfers from the surface to the center in regular ovens to get that baked taste.\nWonderful. Any idea where the concept of baking things came from?
Niagara Falls is one the most beautiful places i have ever been.\nOh yes it is but Ive only seen it in pictures.\nIt has three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United States.\nThat is very interesting information.\nThe Horseshoe Falls is the mos impressive, it lies on the border of the United States and Canada with the American Falls entirely on the United States' side.\nI really must go one day to see the beauty you speak of.
I have never been wine tasting but I am really interested in it. What do you know about wine tasting?\nwhine tasting eh? the price of wine tasting is as ancient as its production\nSo is wine cheap or expensive. How is wine even made?\nyea a more formalized methodoly has slowly become established from the 14th century onwards\nOkay nice. What are the different types of wine?\nwell there is white wine which is a wine whose colour can be straw-yellow, yellow-green or even yellow-gold\nDo the flavors change depending on the color. What about red wine?
Do you believe that there will ever be an alien invasion?\nno. only in science fiction stories and movies lol \namazing, since you are quite knowledgeable, how do we define an alien invasion? \nit's simply aliens invade the Earth either to exterminate human life or harvest people for food, steal the planet's resourses\nWhen did this word ever come into play? have there been any sightings? or it's just a figment of someone's imagination\nAlien invasion was a common metaphor in US science fiction during the Cold War\nDo you think Hollywood might have blown the whole idea of alien invasion out of proportion?
I used to have very blonde hair and now I've got really brown hair which is the second most common color.\nThat's interesting. I myself had blonde hair til like 11 years and then it turned brown.\nHow dark did it get? Mine is pretty dark but it can vary from dark to light brown.\nThat's cool. It's pretty light actually when i get sun it turns a little more blondish, but still mostly brown.
Were you aware that a baker is someone who bakes and sells bread and related products?\nI did know that yes! Do you know a lot about bakers?\nYes, baking is very old because grains have been used for millenia.\nThats cool, What else do you know about baking?
I'm sick of my purple hair, but I'm not sure if changing it would be too damaging to my hair\nAre you wanting it to cover gray hair or as a fashionable statement?\nboth! I am getting some gray hair\nYou should do the granny hair.  It is a new trend where young women are dying their hair different shades of gray.\nSounds interesting, can I do it at home or do I need a salon\nYou can do it at home or it can be done professionally. \nDo you think it looks nice
Do you like Snoop Dogg I think he is overrated \nI do like Snoop Dogg. You have to remember that he has been relevant to rap since 1992 when he was discovered by Dr Dre.\nYeah he is dad old now in his life
I don't know anything about  gouda cheese, can you enlighten me more about this?\nSure i can, Gouda cheese comes from the Netherlands its a mild yellow cheese made from the cow's milk\nwow that is so cool so is this made from a particular breed of cow?
I do not have much energy. I am having a  long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limits my ability to carry out ordinary daily activities.\nOh god buddy, i  think you are depressed\nYes it is a medical condition called Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)\nIts CFS, Can you explain more about this.\nThe fatigue you experience is not  due to strenuous ongoing exertion and it is  not much relieved by rest neither was it due to a previous medical condition.\nOk, Due to what we are getting depression more.\nWell all i know is that it is comparatively rare and we do not have a cure   with treatment being symptomatic.\nWe need more rest to and relive from the depression
I really want to get into jazz music but there's so much to learn.\nThere is a lot. It all started in New Orleans from the African American communities.\nThat's interesting! I've also heard there are multiple types of jazz. What kind would you say you prefer?
Hey, I love the Jazz music that originated from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nI do and i am also from new orleans so that is cool! What are popular instruments in jazz music?
Wine tasting is one of my favorite dates with my husband.\nI've never actually been to a real wine tasting myself.  I know a little about it and how it has been around as long as wine making has\nReally? I always thought it was more a modern ordeal.\nNo it's pretty ancient.  It became more of a "thinkg" in the 14th century and has gotten more and more popular since.\nWhere did it start, Italy?
Good afternoon how are you today?\nI'm good. A soldier could be conscripted or a volunteer.\nThats true do you think America will ever do a mandatory draft again?\nMost armed forces consider "soldier" with a general meaning.\nYes most soldiers have different ranks.  How many ranks are there in the armed forces?\nTypically, the uniforms denote the rank by an insignia attached to the uniforms.\nYes this is true. Do you know the highest honor given to soldiers?
My favorite color is red.  Do you have a favorite color? 
Hi, the color red, which is at the end of the visible spectrum of light, is my favorite color. \nI like red too. What other colors do you enjoy?\nI also like purple, which is a color intermediate between blue and red. it reminds me of the sunset.\nThat's beautiful. What color is at the beginning  of the spectrum?\nIndigo is a deep and rich color close to the color wheel blue and it lies somewhere at the beginning of the spectrum.\nOkay how many colors are on the spectrum?
I absolutely love to bake! It is one of my favorite hobbies! I like baking cookies, cases, and breads.\nReally! I'm not really into baking. But I do have several different hobbies.\nThat's nice! You should give baking a try. Also, baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbeque variant by using both methods simultaneously.\n Interesting! I've tried baking before, but I was little kidWhen I lasted it.I really like to use my grill for grilling meats. But I have heard that you can "bake" pizza dough on a grill.
Seven is my favorite number!\nMine too! Its been known that since 1977, the muppeteer eric jacobson has been centered as berts performance on sesame street\nI did not know that! Do you know why other people think it's a lucky numbe?
Do you happen to know any twins?\nI have some friends who are fraternal twins - one a boy and one a girl\nWhat is the difference between fraternal and identical?\nIdentical twins develop from one zygote, while fraternal develop from two different eggs\nSo I guess then boy/girl twins are always fraternal.
Obesity is a condition  where excess body fat is very high\nThat's true, I think obesity is a big problem in the US right now.\nYes and the negative health effects can include mortality\nDefinitely, it's a big problem. Do you know how common obesity is in the US right now?\n1 in 4 and the causes are varied from over eating to lack of activity and of course genetics play a part\nWow that's crazy it's so common. Are there any cures for obesity?\nNo cures but treatment includes changes to exercise and diet\nThat makes sense, diet is crucial. I try to follow a Mediterranean diet.
I have a friend who is struggling maintaining her sobriety. She says it's tough to achieve a life balance.\nStruggling with addiction is so hard you're a good person for listening to her. Is it drugs or alcohol?\nThank you. It's alcohol. She spent some time in a treatment setting to get started on the path to sobriety, but now that she's out, she's having a tough time.\nLet her know you'll be there for her during thoughts of relapse. Is she attending AA classes? I know those help a lot.
I would love a Ferrari! It is an Italian sports car manufacturer based in Maranello.\nI'd love one too! Which model would you buy?
I'm thinking about coloring my hair purple. \nThat sounds cool. Is it to cover up grey or white hair?\nYes, I'd like to hide my greys in a fun way. Is there anything I should know beforehand?
I love rock and roll music.  Do you know much about the genre?\nIt's a genre of popular music that came about in the United States around the late 40s/early 50s, from African American musical styles, like gospel, jump blues, jazz, boggie woogie, and with some country music thrown into the mix!\nSo it has a lot of influences.  When was rock music the most popular?\nPerhaps in the 1950s and mid 1960s, as this was the time when the "more encompassing international style" of rock music came about\nIs rock and roll still popular today?  
I like to bake in my spare time. Do you?\nYes i love it! Cooking with dry heat in an oven is awesome. What type of things do you like to make?\nI have a huge sweet tooth so lots of baked goods (cakes, cookies, etc.) I also like cooking different things like stews and broths\nI love to make baked bread. It's probably the most common thing people like to make. A classic for sure! You ever eat fresh baked bread?\nYup! I actually used to have one of those bread makers too lol. I haven't eaten as much bread as I used to though. It messes with my diet
Hey do you go to the gym?
Chronic fatigue sounds rough, it brings long term fatigue and limits a person to carry out daily things.\nThat sound miserable.  What causes chronic fatigue?\nWhat is scary is they do not know the exact cause, its not even genetic or biological.\nInteresting.  Is it more common in children or adults?
I have 3 Ferrari cars in my garage and I hardly know nothing about them. i read some self help books, then I was rick all of the sudden.
I like red color\nThey say one can get that color in mars because of  iron oxide \nI am not too sure of that but I would say I love red cars and roses\nmy first car was a toyota camry and the red made it stand out everywhere I go. red is good on metallic surfaces ;)\ni like red toyota camry sport versions \nAwesome, I wonder what it will be like if there was no red in the rainbow or there is no red sky at sunset :)\nThat is true. The rainbow will be incomplete without the red color. I also like red colors on cakes
I really like the color red. I find it beautiful.
I love Ferrari's.  They are probably my favorite Italian car.\nI love them too. They are sharp.
Hi there! Do you dye your hair? I dye mine blonde\nI do, but I dye my either brown or auburn, blond is to light for my skin\nDo you get it done professionally or do it yourself?\nI do it myself, my mother was a beautician for years.\nThat's really convenient and I bet a lot cheaper than going to a salon.\nIt is, just hit up the local Sallys, I dye my girls' hair too,
I'm not a twin, but I think it's interesting how two offspring canbe produced at the same time. \nOh yeah. I have known a lot of twins in my life and I find it a pretty cool phenomenon. 
I like Jazz music. It's been great since the 1920s. how about you?\njazz is very soothing, i like it as well\nYes! Specifically I love swing and blues notes. Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett are great.\nfrank sinatra is my fav
Seems like hair coloring is really popular among college girls from what I've seen.\nChanging hair color seems to be pretty big among some demographics\nYeah definitely, it may be controversial but it seems like bisexual/transgender/gay women do it all the time, at least from what I've seen.\nMany hair colorings are done professionally.\nIt must look really good when done by a pro.
My friend has chronic fatigue syndrome.  Its sad\nI can understand tha this is devastating because it limits your ability to perform everyday functions.\nYes.  He has a lot of trouble doing even everyday things in life
I used to be really blonde but now I have brown hair.\noh yea? i have black/brown hair\nIt is the second most common hair color so that makes sense.\noh really? thats cool.\nThe shade of brown can really vary from light brown to black nearly.\noh i didnt know that.
hello, i do like red and it is my favorite color\nHi! Yes I love the red sky at sunset from Rayleigh scattering! I also love the grand canyon red. Do you?\nso that what causes the color of red, the scattering
I have chronic fatigue syndrome. It really limits my daily activities.  \nsorry to hear that. What are the symptoms?
snoop dogs real name is calvin  broadus and he was born in 1971. he as an american rapper, singer,songwriter, record producer, tv personality, and actor. are you familiar?\nAm I familiar with the smoke king himself? Yeah I'd say I'm familiar. How many records has he sold at this point in his career?\nhe has sold over 23 million albums in the us and 25 million worldwide. that is freaking impressive\nI'll say! 25 million ain't nothin' to shake a stick at, that's for sure. What would you say is his most popular single?
I like jazz.
Do you enjoy baking items like bread or cookies?\nyes i actually have a lot of experience in baking especially cakes and brownies
Hi there! Have you ever heard of the San Diego Comic-Con?\nNot San Diego's specifically, but definitely comic-con in general. Definitely not into comic book conventions...you?\nFunny you should ask, I went to my first ever comic convention here in Houston this year. I don't have much interest in comic books or anything, but found it interesting. 
my favorite color is red \nVery nice. It's a strong color to pick to be infatuated with, as it's a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model. Little do people know, though, is that it's a complementary color of cyan\noh that i did not know, anything else you can tell me about the color red ?\nIt's one of the colors that's at the end of the visible spectrum of light, sitting right next to orange, and opposite of violet. Its wavelength is dominant, with nanometres of 625 to 740. So, it's obviously a strong color, which is why some people like it.\ndo you see the color red in nature a lot ?
I have a friend who is suffering from obesity, do you know what that is? \nI do Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat  ccumlate\nOhh okay I see, is there anyway to reduce that excess body fat? \ni have heard People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height,\nOkay I see, that is interesting to note, I am not sure what her BMI is, but she told me she has been diagnosed with obesity.  Can you tell me more about it? 
The most common thing most people bake is bread. You'd think it was cookies or cake. Do you bake?\nI can bake, but I don't do it very often anymore.  We only eat bread made with almond flour and so I don't do it very often.\nI love using almond flour. Theres four grains that dominated in nordic countries. do you know what they are?\nI do not, what are they?
Do you like to color your hair? Mine is purple. \nI did when I was in my 20s and already getting the salt and pepper look.  I finally embraced it since I am a guy and in my early 30s!  What made you choose purple?\nI change it up quite often, but purple seems mysterious so I like it the most. \nInteresting!  Is it expensive to continually change and maintain different hair colors?
Hello, Whats you're favorite type of pasta?\nI love most pastas, but spaghetti is my favorite. Pasta is a staple in Italian food, so I ate it a lot growing up.\nI like the more hearty cuts like  linguini or rigatoni or bucatini \nI like linguini too. Pasta is fairly easy to make, usually just using flour and eggs or water.\nI've never really made it fresh but, i should probably give that a try.   I really like to cook.  I can make a pretty mean carbonara\nI am an okay cook, but I usually just go with dry pasta, which is also known as pasta secca.\nWhat do you normally sauce your pasta with?  Tomato? oil/garlic?
Hey so what do you like about Jazz?\nI really like the whole style of Jazz genre, the whole culture evolving around African-American Communities and New Orleans is amazing to me.\nAnd who are some of your favorite Jazz musicians ?\nI have to say Miles Davis. It's just jazz is magical because it's considered "America's classical music". Miles is a perfect example of that.\nMiles Davis is great example. What period of jazz do you relate with the most ?
I'm awful at cooking so I guess I'm bad at baking too. The most common baked good is bread and I can't even make that!\nWhat are some techniques used for baking?
Baking is a favorite hobby of mine, especially baking bread. What are some of your favorite pasties?\nMy pastime or pasties ?Don't understand your questions\nPastries, as in baking. Baked goods\nOh pastries ,do you mean flour or ingredients used in baking cake,bread et al ?
Ive been cooking pasta dishes all my life and some call me the pasta expert, Would you like to learn the way of cooking pasta? \nYes, please tell me more about the art of cooking pasta.\nWell first its very important to know that pastas are divided into two groups, dried ("pasta secca") and fresh ("pasta fresca"). And both have a entire different taste. \nThat seems like an important thing to know. What else should I know?\nWell pasta originated as an Italian cuisine food from Italy, So if you want the best pasta you have to visit Italy. \nThat seems reasonable, is there regional differences in pasta cooking in Italy?\nWell not really but pasta is a staple food of talian cuisine, It dates back to 1154 in Sicily. Most Italian pasta is as good though. \nThat is quite a long history. Here's a dumb question, what's the difference between spaghetti and pasta?
Music in the 1980s was so much fun from what I have heard.\nYeah the 1980's was the emergence of dance music and new wave music.\nWhat exactly was the type of music coming out? Pop?\nI don't think Pop came out until later. But prior to the 80's disco was the most popular.\nI see. That makes sense. I was born in 1983 so I was really young. Was hair metal a thing in the 1980's music scene?
Do you ever bake? The method for cooking food with dry heat.\nI've always been curious. After burning one too many batches of simple cookies I tend to shy away from the oven.\nYou can also barbecue in the oven.\nReally? I have always envisioned barbecues as being outside, accompanied by a roaring flame and copious amounts of alcohol. \nYes as long as its done slowly over low indirect heat.\nMaybe I will have to give it a try sometime; I didn't know ovens could be so versatile!
I love christmas! speccially because my favorite color Red is everywhere you go!, do you like the color red?\nYes I love red as well it is a very vibrant dominant color and has a wavelength of 625-740. I love the color for Christmas as well and Valentines Day.\nYes it is! also i see the color red as It attracts attention more than any other color, at times signifying danger.\nYou are right the shades and variations of Red does have it meaning in different selections just like cautious behaviors etc. \nTottally agree on you! i also love it because my favorite team of soccer, manchester united founded in 1899 wear the color red, as a way to fight comunism that wears this color as their flag
I know that overeating leads to weight gain (obesity if I'm not careful) but this summer I have just felt soooo hungry. I thought people lose weight in the summer?\nMaybe it's all the watermelon making people gain weight in the summer
I plan on going to San Diego Comic-Con next year.
Do uo\nWe are talking about popular music in the 1980s.\nWhat is your favorite 1980s music\nwell, the 1980s saw emergence of dance music and new wave.\nWow, do you love so many of 1980s music's?\nYes, disco became old school \nWhat are the the classes of music's you know\nIn the 1980s genres such as post-disco, Italo disco, Euro disco and dance-pop became more popular.\nVery good . Do you the origin of music
My favorite color is red.\nRed is at the end of the spectrum of light, its with orange and opposite of violet.\nI didn't know that. What else do you know about red?\nIt's actually a primary color for the RGB and CMYK color model.\nI learned about primary colors in school when I was little.\nWell, the reason that Mars is red is because of the iron oxide on it. That's pretty cool!\nI wish we could travel to Mars.
I like target but they are a little pricey \nWell the Target Corporation is the second largest discount retailer store in all of the US.\nCool! How much is there revenue ?
I have naturally brown hair, it's the second most common hair color after black\nBrown hair is lovely! I didn't realize it was that popular! Are there a lot of shades of brown hair?\nThere are, it varies from light brown to almost black. Mine is closer to almost black so it makes it hard for me to change my color up without bleaching it.\nMine is a more like a dark blonde. I've always wanted to dye my hair brown though!\nGo ahead and dye it! 75% of women and 15% of men report having dyed hair.\n75% of women?! Wow! I would have never guessed it would be that high! Is there a specific term that refers to people with brown hair?
I have brown hair and I wear wigs and extensions\nI just love thick curly brown hair with brown eyes\nBut a lot of people think I should go with blonde instead of brown hair. But I like my brown hair\nis your hair a natural brown hair, or do you color it ?\nyes it natrualy brown but I been thinking about adding some other colors with streaks of brown in it\nThat may be very appealing. Brunettes are pretty as well. Lots of French girls wear pixie haircuts and their hair is a brown :)\nYea it is but I guess i am trying to keep my brown hair but satisfy other people as well\nBrown hair is appealing, but you should always satisfy yourself and not others. Black is a pretty color as well\nI think lighter colors like light brown on me keeps me looking young.  I am 46 years old after all
I really enjoy baking.  I actually used to work in a bakery when I was in college\nI love baking but I'm just a beginner.  What do you like to bake?
Obesity is such a big issue, especially with the whole body positivity movement. It is a medical condition that involves having a large excess of body fat.\nOh yes, I can see it every day. Part of it is out of laziness, and part is due to the sedentary lifestyle most of us have, I think\nSome people seem to think it is hard to lose weight but it really isn't. People are considered obese when their BMI is over a certain limit.\nBMI is such a terrible tool. It doesn't take into account muscle or other factors. :(\nIt is pretty accurate a lot of the time but that is true. It is done by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height.\nThere are more accurate measures, but sometimes it's hard to figure them all out and what to trust. Anything else interesting?
Red is my favorite color.  My house, car, and clothes are all red.
I used to work outside of the home. It was difficult finding reliable child care.\nDo you have children? Child care is an action or skill looking after children by a day care center, nannies or baby sitters.\nI do have children. Two boys. How about you?\nI don't but it is important to understand now. Early child care is equally important and often overlooked in child development.\nYes, it's definitely better to have young children in a place that will aid in their social and intellectual development.
Red is one of my favorite colors and it is next to orange on the spectrum of light.\nI love red too.
I am really scared of Manta ray's since i say it killed the crocodile hunter\nI want to learn more about them, I know they beach like whales, are they poisonous?\nim not sure if they are poisonous but they have a big sharp dagger on their tailes\nI know they are found in sub tropical and tropical waters and they look scary\nYes they do, one time i was in the ocean and saw one jumped like 20ft away from me i was so scared
Ferrari are italian sports cars.\nI love Ferraris, they are really beautiful sports cars.\nYea they were founded by enzo ferrari in 1939\nWow that is so long ago, I haven't seen any that old before.\nEnzo ferrari founded in out of alfa romeos models\nI haven't heard much or seen many of Alfa Romeo's cars honestly.
My father was a soldier, did you ever join the army?\nYes, I voluntarily enlisted.\nThank You for your services, what is it like being enlisted.
I have a cousin who is obese can you tell me more about this topic? \nIt's a condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nWow is there any way to help with obesity? \nChanges to diet and exercising are the best treatments.\nWhat would be a good diet plan to help reduce body fat and obesity? \nKetogenic diet could be a good plan to help reduce fat. It's a high-fat, adequate-protein,  and low-carbohydrate diet.\nOh okay I have heard of a keto diet before. What types of exercise would you recommend to help reduce obesity? 
One of my favorite stores to go to is Target. Mainly because they seem to have the best mix of quality and price.
What color is your hair? Brown hair the second most common.\nI have brown hair.
I love the color red.  Hematite or ochre causes the red color at the Grand Canyon.\nRed is my favorite color! What is hematitie or ochre and why does it cause the color red?\nHematite is iron oxide and is widespread in rock and soil.\nIs it prevalent in the Grand Canyon?\nIt actually can be many other colors, like black, but the version at the Grand Canyon is more red.\nI would love to visit the Grand Canyon. I know it is so majestic. Have you ever been?
I am really excited for our Niagara Falls trip, have you ever visited there before? I hear it is actually three combined waterfalls. \nI have not been! That's a lot of water!\nCan you believe the city near Niagara Falls was occupied by Native Americans? \nI did not know that. Are there any Native Americans still there?\nThe only Native Americans left live on reservations nearby. Which there are 250 tribes that live on reservations. \nOh wow! Do all 250 tribes live on the same reservation? \nNo, they all live on different reservations. Some have chosen to not live on reservations at all. Of the 500 tribes, only half live on reservations. \nWhy do some not live on reservations? 
I enjoy rock and roll music. I recently took a trip to the Rock and Roll hall of fame which was fantastic. Do you like rock music?\nI do! I especially love Classic Rock and the sound of the electric guitars\nYEah, Led Zepplin, The Guess Who- those guys were great. Modern rock is so different. I can't stand Fall Out Boy, for example. \nI agree! Some of the new type of music nowadays I just don't understand. I miss just the classic saxophone or piano in some of the current music.\nIt seems like all music is auto-tuned these days- you would never have heard that in Classic Rock. \nI have been introducing my teenagers to some of the old classic rock and I have actually caught them listening to it without me. Definitely the kind of music we need to keep alive!\nThat's so true! I see lots of classic rock t-shirts on teens but I suspect they've never heard the music. \nI agree! I miss the days of MTV and all of the great music videos\nThe MTV years were my formative years- and wow, music videos were so novel then. I loved that channel!
What is your favorite number? Mine is the number 7\nI like 7, seems pretty cool. I mean it comes after 6 and before 8.\nI just remembered a joke from when I was a Kid. "Why was 6 afraid of 7?'\nYeah I have heard that, funny. Long ago 7 was written in a curve so it looked like a J.\nReally? I didn't know that. Why was it changed from the curved J to the 7 it is today?
Red is an awesome color.\nI love red, it is next to orange on the visible light spectrum.\nOh yea? I love both those colors.
I am a big fan of welding. Joining materials is an incredibly useful skill.\nThat's cool! Welding can be fun.  What about welding interests you?\nArc welding is fairly striking to me. Gas tungsten arc welding can produce great welds\nArc welding? I've never heard of that. What is Arc Welding?\nArc welding involves using metal to join metal via electricity and heat\nThat's cool! I didn't know welding involves electricity? How in the world do you use electricity to weld? \nIt can be very useful in fusing certain materials. It also provides energy that is necessary in the heating process\nAwesome! Now I want to be a welder so I can be a real life Thor!
I like baking, it is my favorite hobby.\nMe too! Bread is baked the most, and I like to make yeast bread.\nI haven't made my own bread, it seems like it is a lot of work to do.\nI used to think I would like to become a baker as my profession, because I really liked it. But, I never pursued it.\nOh that's too bad. Some people really have a knack for it. I'm terrible at creating cakes, I can bake them, but I'm not good at creative stuff.\nI understand. It's really amazing how heat can make such delicious cakes, breads and cookies!\nYeah, with a little patience added in as well because it takes time.
I visited some historical sites in Utah last month. A lot of the prehistoric art was red. That's one of my favorite colors :)\nOh really? I like red too. I think my favorite shade is cherry red.
One of my favorite stores to go to is Target. Mainly because they seem to have the best mix of quality and price.\nMe too! Target was founded in Minnesota which is where I'm from. Everyone around here loves Target. \nOh cool, how long has Target been around then?\nTarget was founded in the 60s in one of the suburbs of Minneapolis by the Dayton coorporation. Mark Dayton (of the same family) is now our governer!\nDamn that's longer than I expected! How did he go from founding Target to being the governor? \nHe didn't personally found it, but his family are Minnesota business tycoons and he is now one of the wealthiest people in out state. His family's wealth helped his political career.\nAhh okay that makes more sense. Must be a pretty powerful family with being that rich and holding positions in state government!
Hi - My husband is a career soldier. He is currently stationed in Japan.\nhow long has he been there? was he in afghanistan too?\nHe's been in Japan for two years. Yes, he was in Afghanistan for 4 years. \nthe winters in the kush mountain range get very cold\nHe has send the same thing. We sent him some really warm blankets to help him, but he said the cold just sets into your bones.
So we get to talk about brown hair, which I have. Fun stuff...\nBrain hair is a really nice color. What shade is yours?\nMedium with red undertones. Have a lot of red in my beard also\nThat's pretty cool. I myself have black curly hair, it's kind of hard to manage them sometimes.\nBlack hair is actually the most common just above brown. My hair is just flat and straight and gets poofy when its humid out.\nOh yes humidity and dryness in the air can both affect the hair a lot. In general weather can affect the hair.
red is one of the best colors\nI agree, I think its because its at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nyes, and really plainly it is pretty awesome, and does have meaning behind it
Ferraris are some of the most powerful cars in the world.\nI dont know too much about cars.  My dad worked on them all the time, showed me how to keep the basics, oil changed, keep it from over heating.  But as far as Ferraris, wow, very expensive, and thats about all I know?  Are they your favorites\nThey are definitely among my favourite sports cars, although I would prefer to drive an electric car. What's your favourite?\nMy favorite is the american muscle cars.  Dodge, but mainly because thats what Daddy drove.  Ive never driven an electric car?  Does it perform any differently than a gas powered vehicle?\nElectric cars have electric motors compared to gas powered ones, but that's the only difference I can think of. Plus, you don't have to fill up all the time.\nLOL, that can be a bonus at times.  Especially when gas prices rise up to 4 and 5 dollars a gallon.  Theyre probably cleaner too.  Id be willing to try one, if the company would be willing to donate me one. Im sure they can afford it
I want to be a physician eventually, a medical practitioner.\nThat's good. What will be your duty as a physician?\nI'm not one yet but I training to be one. I'm still deciding on which disease categories, types of patients and methods of treatment I'd like to specialize in.\nOk you are still thinking, but what motivated you?
7 is my favourite lucky number!\nReally, well you will find it cool that various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nReally? What other cultures have history with the letter?
I want to learn how to program computers, so I can find more work.\nHey me too! I've done some programming in C++ in the past, but am now trying to learn Python. \nI know a bit about C++ but what is Python? Is it similar?
Hey, I love the Jazz music that originated from African-American communities of New Orleans. Do you like it?\nI do and i am also from new orleans so that is cool! What are popular instruments in jazz music?\nIt can be played in guitar, and drums. It's characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals. Its very fun. \nI see. Are there different types or categories of jazz?
I love rap music. Have you heard Drake's new album?\ndrake the singer and rapper? no i havent hear it\nBeyonce and Jay Z have released an album as well. They rented out the Louvre for a music video.
I absolutely love the color red. Strawberries are red and ladybugs, many of my favorites.\nNice! Remember ROY G. BIV? I didn't realize there was so much science to it. Red is the longest wavelength\nI never knew that. Cool.\nDo you teach little kids ROY G BIV? What do you say when they ask what color indogo is?\nSometimes. I remember them using them to teach me growing up. I've never had anyone ask me about indigo.\nOk so one of the sentences says indigo is also called "Ultramarine" okkkkkk....am I allowed to talk about another topic?\nSure, red is a rather narrow topic. I just keep thinking of all of my favorite things that are red. Like cars.
I have brown hair. What about you?\nI have brown hair and I know a lot about it\nWhat do you know?\nBrown hair is the second most common hair colour just behind black hair\nOh really? I didn't know black hair was that common. I guess maybe in Asia.
My favorite color is Red.
I know that overeating leads to weight gain (obesity if I'm not careful) but this summer I have just felt soooo hungry. I thought people lose weight in the summer?\nMaybe it's all the watermelon making people gain weight in the summer\nI bet you're right! Maybe no eating disorfer lol, just water weight for giant watermelons.\nAh well, eating disorders are serious things. Unfortunate things.
Hi. I really love pasta. What about you?\nYes I do.  Pasta is a staple food of Intalian cuisine.\nIf I had to choose, I'd say spaghetti is my favorite pasta.
I think that Superman is my second favorite DC comics superhero.\nYour second favorite? Who is your top favorite?\nMy favorite comic book character from DC is Batman!\nI like Batman too. Much cooler than Superman. Do you like the Batman movies?
I have been sober for four months now and feel great.\nCongratulations! Achieving your goal of not consuming alcohol is not easy, but you did it!\nI just stopped drinking wine.  It was actually a lot easier than I thought it would be.  Still miss it with nice dinners though.\nMedical personnel point out that the long term effects of drinking alcohol include damage to the liver and brain, so I'd say you're better off without it!\nSo true.  Liver damage is no joke.  Wouldn't want those symptoms.
I like Target. It's the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States\nYes, I like shopping there too. They have some different items than other similar stores.\nYeah, they have interesting things in their stores. They have found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.\nYes, they definitely have found a niche in the market. I wished they were in some of the smaller cities though.\nMe too. I grew up in a small town and always had to travel to another city to visit Target. The first store actually opened in the small town of Roseville, Minnesota in 1962\nFor some reason, I thought they had been around longer. But, that's still a long time.\nThe company that owns it was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods and opened in 1902\nOh, I see. So, they evolved from a former business then?
My sister is a baker. She bakes mostly cakes and pies and other pastries.\nA baker is someone who bakes \nYes, like my sister. Haha! What else do you know about baking?
I have brown hair unlike my sister who is blonde\nI also have a dark brown hair. Brown hair is actually the second most common color, of black being first.\nyes.  it is strange - I wonder where red hair comes from
hello, i think my favorite color is red\nIt is beautiful. It's color range goes from yellow-tinged scarlet to bluish-red scarlet. It can also range from pale red pink to burgundy.\na lot of range for the color red, i like the very basic red\nIt's been popular for a long time. The bright red outfits of Renaissance nobility were dyed using cochineal.\ncochineal? is that some sort of plant?\nIt's a parasite, found in tropical and subtropical South America, Mexico and Arizona. They live on the prickly pear cactus.\na parasite? that is neat you can use them to dye clothing red
I'm an old fashioned girl - I love rock and roll, especially 60s rock music.\nWhat's your favorite music group/singer from that era?\nI quite like Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, but I really love the Rolling Stones' music.\ngosh, I didn't realize the Rolling Stones were from the 60's. I was thinking they were 70's! I wish we had old fashioned diners around still. I've always thought that era looked like such a fun time.\nUnbelievable, isn't it?! The formed in London in 1962. I like old fashioned diners, too.\nWere you born in the 60's? I was born in the 70's, so the 80's and 90's are more familiar eras for me. \nI was born in 1961 but still love the music. I really like the blues rhythm and the backbeat of the snare drum.\nDo you play any musical instruments? My father was in a band in the 70's, but I don't have a musical bone in my body!
My favourite number is 7! It is a natural number that follows the number 6 and precedes number 8\nI hear that's a lucky number but have never been a big believer in luck. \nYes, it is known as a lucky number in western countries!\nDo you know any interesting facts about the number 7 or numbers in general?\nYes I do, the eastern arabs actually developed the character for 7 by using an uppercase V and rotating it\nI can definitely see that. I would have expected it to be from Greeks though.
Do you have a bad habit of overeating? I do on occasion.
I love red. It's my favorite color!
I wish i can learn baking, it is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nOh well, I wouldn't mind eating a well baked sugar muffin with my latte this morning\nreally, for i prefer a good baked bread for breakfast, bread is the most common baked item\nYes :) when did humans start to bake?\ni dont really know, but it has been a long time ago because baking has traditionally been performed at home ever since as of the times of the old\nWhat's the difference between products baked by men and those by women?
My favorite color is red.\nRed is a nice vibrant colour it is close to orange what do you like so much about it?\nI like how its bold and solid.\nI like more of the color blue it goes well with my eyes lol plus it is close to violet and green on the spectrum which I like as well.\nI see, I like red cause it is the color of blood.\nI'll have to pass for that reason the sight of blood makes me quench I like red because of apples and strawberries though lol.\nI like apples also but the green ones
harley davidson was one of the only motorcycle brands to survive the great depression \nDo you know why they survived and not others?\nThey sold much much more that just motorcycles, and also have a large overseas market.\nWhat others thinks they sold besides motorcycle?\nApparel, home decor, accessories, toys things like that\nReally? Do they still make those things?
I swam with manta ray. Manta rays are known to be a  large rays belonging to genus "Manta"\ni caught a manta ray when i was deep sea fishing one time\nThat must be spectacular, perhaps you caught a reef .) is a species of ray in the family Mobulidae, one of the largest rays in the world.\nno it took about 40 minutes to fish him into the boat. i released him but he put up the biggest fight eve
So I currently have 4 gray hairs. When I get 10 I'm dying my hair as black as night. Have you colored your hair?\nI used to do it at home (not professionally) but I'm going to stop and let the grey hair take over. Grey hair is pretty trendy now. \nI'm gonna pass on the Gray's. I blame them on my wife. \nAnd I'm sure she blames hers on you! Funny how gray hair is associated with age AND stress. Which is it?\nShe is a genetic freak and has 0.\nShe's a "natural" freak - one with a genetic abnormality. Better that than a "made" freak who alters themselves at some point. \nAs for stress that makes sense I had none until I took over as manager as the highest rated hotel in America. I'm stressed daily.\nTrump Hotel? You poor man. bwahahahah! \nActually trump is rated as the 3rd best hotel in the world. I could only be so lucky. 
My favorite car is the Italian sport car manufactured in Maranello ... the Ferrari!  What about you?  Do you like the Ferrari?\nI like Ferraris, but I tend to enjoy Japanese cars more! What do you like about the Ferrari?
My husband really loves the Ferrari brand of sports car - do you have any preferences?\nFor sports cars i dont really have a strong preference, i think they all look really cool. sports cars i dont see alot. i livein a small town\nFerrari built their first car in 1940 - so they've been on the market quite a while - what kind of cars do you see in your town?\ni see alot of older cars. you see a mix of nicer ones like theres some BMWs that drive around and some jaguars. What is your favorite car?\nAlthough the Ferrari 1962 250 GTO is the most expensive car in history, my choice is probably a Jeep Wrangler.\nim a jeep girl all the way! jeep stands for just empty every pocket. they can be very expensive.
Chronic fatigue syndrome is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue, do you have chronic fatigue?\nI do not think so, but I certainly would not like to have it!\nyeah diagnosis is based on the presented symptoms.\nI hope I never have those symptoms, I like to be full of energy, but when I do not get much sleep I get very fatigued\nYeah and it doesn't go away in fact no medications have been approved in the United States.\nThat is not good, but I guess its better than approving of harmful ones in a way, becasue they would approve ones that work
Hi, I really enjoy baking. My favorite things to bake are cookies, brownies and cake. How about you?\nI am not a baker but wish I could make the most common baked item that I believe is bread.\nI've never baked bread,but would like to try. That would be a very useful skill. \nI wouldn't imagine it is too difficult since bread is prepared from a dough of flour and water.  \nYou're right. I enjoy the sweet treats best though. I like the way they make my kitchen smell and watching others enjoy them. 
I want to be a physician eventually, a medical practitioner.\nThat's good. What will be your duty as a physician?
I love rock and roll music.  Do you know much about the genre?
I love exercising, it really gets me into a state of health and well-being. Do you exercise\nMe too, I think excersising is the best. I like to run on the treadmill. What kinda workouts do you do? 
hello,  i have brown hair\nBrown hair is awesome!  Interestingly, the strands of brown hair are thicker than those of fair colored hair.\ni never knew that , i figured it all hair is the same except the color of it\nNot so!  But brown hair is the second most common human hair color though.\nlet me guess, black is the most common \nBingo!  Yes, it is!  And brown hair actually varies from light brown to almost black!\nbrown then has a variety of shades, not just one color
I would love to take a wine tasting course.
7 is my favorite number it means so much to me\nIn the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke\nHow are they written on stroke?\nIt was a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nOK to me 7 has a biblical connection. God rested on the 7th day\nThe Churches of God (7th Day) movement is composed of a number of sabbath-keeping churches\nHow many colors has the rainbow?\nRainbow Brite is a media franchise by Hallmark Cards, introduced in 1983.\nIs it related with the rainbow color?
I'm having pasta tonight for dinner. Do you enjoy pasta?\nSounds delicious! Yes, I enjoy pasta. I like the traditional spaghetti and meatballs! How about you?\nYes, I enjoy it, especially big meatballs. Do you Fettuccine pasta? 
Snoop Doggy Dog is one of my favorite dudes.\nCalvin Cordozar Broadus is known as snoop dog and is a rapper\nThat's his real name? I've never even heard it before.\nyea Calvin Cordozar Broadus isnt as catchy as snoop dog\nYeah it sounds way too long to be catchy.
Do you enjoy any water sports like Kayaking?\nI like some water sports including Kayaking but overall I prefer sports on land.\nPersonally I love Scuba Diving. Only done it once in my life but you never forget the experience. \nWhere did you go scuba diving? was the introductory training difficult?\nI Scuba Dived in the bahamas on vacation. No the training only took about an hour. \nDid you get a chance to do any cave diving? I'm not sure there are any caves in the Bahamas.\nNo cave diving unfortunately, just in the open sea. 
Superman is a great super hero, don't you think?\nSuperman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books\nYeah, he's been a classic for decades
Do you listen to jazz music? It originated in the African American communities, but is enjoyed by many cultures.\nI heard that it was a cross  of african american and european american styles.  How long has jazz been around?\nSince the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It's been around for a long time.\nWhen i go to New Orleans, they have bands roaming the streets.  Is that Jazz and why do they play jazz there, besides it being old fashioned?
Hello, are you into a physical fitness routine? \nI do not currently have one no.\nI don't have a strict one either but I try to eat the right foods and exercise some.\nThe right foods are often time very expensive, and i'm not the best off with money.\nIt sure is. So I take it you don't shop at places like Whole Foods?\nI do not think we have one of those at my current location. I live in an underdeveloped location of the world.\nOk, I understand. I know they have a lot of stores in North America and United Kingdom.\nBeing from the south, we barely have a mcdonalds.
I really learned to love pasta in Italy\nI love pasta. What is your favorite?\nThat is a hard question.  There are over 310 types of pasta!\nWow that is a lot. I like spaghetti.\nIt is ok but a pain to eat the long noodles.  I like smaller easier to eat pieces.  Its interesting how all the different types of pasta have different cooking styles\nI do not mind long noodles. The sauce has to be good thou.
I love the 1980s music one of my favorite artists is michael jackson\nYou mean all of the major events and trends in pop music in the 80s? I love 80s music!\nyes thriller was one of the best albums ever made every song was a hit\nYeah Thriller was quite good, the 80s also saw the emergence of New Wave as a genre.\nwhat is the new wave genre. i have never heard of that
What does wine tasting imply?\nWine tasting means that wine is examined and evaluated by a person\nis this usually done for wine manufacturers? \nIt can be done by professional wine tasters, called sommeliers, or by buyers for retailers\nWhen the tradition of wine tasting begin?\nThe practice of wine tasting is ancient, however it has been formalized since the 14th century\nThanks buddy for telling me about wine tasting
My favorite color is red, it's flashy, catches people's attention, and is used everywhere for all kinds of purposes!\nMine too! Its said that red makes a person appear more attractive, like an illusion of sorts!\nOh yeah, I'm not surprised. Red and other colors are super influential. Cops are more likely to pull over a car if it's red.\nOh no! I need a new car now. Lol\nSame actually. I have a dark red Chevy Cruze and I worry sometimes because of it. I've been lucky so far, knock on wood!\nYeah!!! I wonder when the color red first appeared in pigments according to humans?\nWell, prehistoric art used ochre, a reddish brown colored type of rock, so quite a long time ago.\nOh yes and some minerals appear red when oxidized too. 
I'm sick of my purple hair, but I'm not sure if changing it would be too damaging to my hair\nAre you wanting it to cover gray hair or as a fashionable statement?\nboth! I am getting some gray hair\nYou should do the granny hair.  It is a new trend where young women are dying their hair different shades of gray.\nSounds interesting, can I do it at home or do I need a salon
Red is my favorite color and it varies from scarlet to crimson and can vary in shade from red pink to burgundy.\nIt reminds me of Chinese New Year, Christmas, and Valentine's Day.\nYes I often associated red with those holidays as well. I also find it interesting that iron oxide gives the color red to the planet Mars.\nThe planets, too, huh. I hadn't thought about that.
I wish I had brown hair instead of black, it is so pretty. I like that it can range in shade from light brown to almost black\nI like brown hair too.
I swam with Manta rays once.  The are a large ray that belong to the genus Manta\nThat sounds amazing! Where did you do that and what was it like?\nIt was on a vacation in Hawaii at the Garden Eel COve\nYou are so lucky to experience that. What are manta rays like - I've never seen one?
I like to bake, I have made my own dough at home before and it is fun.
Hi :) My favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?\nGreen is my favorite color followed by brown. What other colors do you like?\nPurple is a very close second. Especially very red-ish purples. They remind me of majestic power. \nHaha are you into a lot of fantasy books then? Sounds that way.\nI do like some fantasy. Harry Potter is a favorite. Do you like Harry Potter?\nYes I do love Harry Potter but I'm more into Game of Thrones and medieval fantasy.\nWhat's your Hogwarts house?
I love going on wine tasting tours in the Niagara region\nI've never gone wine tasting before but I know about it.\nIt is a great experience.  Not only do you get buzzed but you learn how to drink wine properly.  It sounds pompous but it really makes a difference.\nIt really does sound like a great time, as it is a sensory evaluation of the wine.\nDepending on where the wine hits your tongue it tastes completely different.  This is why different types of wine are served in different glasses 
I love rap music. I'm a fan of Snoop Dogg.\nYeah, he is a popular rapper, songwriter, Television personality, and actor. I like him too.\nI didn't know he was an actor. What kind of acting has Snoop Dogg done? \nHe was the voice in the movie Turbo.\nI actually didn't see that movie. Is that about a car or something? \nIt's a Dreamworks Animation in 2013 as the voice of Smoove Move the snail, lol.\nThat sounds a cute character. I like dreamworks animation movies. What is that one popular one they made? 
I like to listen to Snoop Dogg, also known as Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHe is a famous rapper, right?
I find Ferrari's interesting but don't know much about them
Red and orange are great colors\nYes, I like too. Bur blue is the best I think.\nColor theory has some interesting thoughts on color mixing in visual effects.\nI dont really know about color theory but it looks very interesting.
Do you like Jazz music?\nI don't really know. I think I lack the musical expression to truly appreciate Jazz.\nIt isn't really my favorite type of music but I can listen to it for awhile.  what is your favorite type of music\nI don't know for sure, but I tend to like music that emphasizes the vocal pieces. \nI honestly don't listen to much music.  I do like music from the 50's and 60's though.
I used to have quite the issue with overeating, especially since I had no idea how much calories were in certain foods.
I am really good at written, visual, and audible processes that go into making youtube videos! \nOh okay, so you're a Youtuber, huh? That's kind of cool... I wish I had the confidence to do that. What goes into that, exactly?\nYup! Among other things, it involves involve correction, condensation, organization of material. Its tough but enjoyable.\nAre there more specifics you can give me about it in relation to Youtube?\nWell, editing can involve creative skills so you need to be very artsy to be a successful Youtuber!\nYeah, that makes sense. Most of this is obvious so far, no offense. I'm looking for something juicy, because I watch a lot of Youtube videos, so the behind-the-scenes sounds interesting. What do you really get into?
Sobriety is an issue that is difficult for many individuals.\nWold you like to know the definition of sobriety?\nYes, please tell me the definition.\nthe condition of not having effects from alcohol. It is the state of being sober.\nYes, I believe that staying sober is difficult for many people.\nI read that it is natural state of a human being given at a birth. I do not quite agree with that statement.\nI was married to an alcoholic who struggled with staying sober for almost 20 years. Even after rehab, he still struggles.
I love to work out. How about you?\nI know how good it is, but I can't get a good routine down.\nA long time ago people considered fitness to be the ability to carry out your day's duties without getting very tired.\nIt's unfortunate that there are so many jobs now that don't involve any physical work.
Do you like Ferrari cars?\nYeah, I like a lot of sports cars and Ferraris are some of my favorites. They built their first car in 1940, so they're relatively old.\nWhat country does the Ferrari come from?\nThey're an Italian sports car manufacturer! Anything else you wanna know?\nAre they named after a guy named Ferrari?\nYes, it was named after the man that founded the company, Enzo Ferrari.\nWow he must have really made it rich. I like Italy. Have you ever been there?
I am really struggling with obesity  It is so hard to lose weight
I am always torn before white and red sauce pastas
A good friend of mine is a German baker.  He makes some great bread and  pastries.\nThat's cool. Does he own a bakery?\nYes he does own a bakery.   Baking started in ancient Rome when they started mass producing bread.\nOh interesting, I didn't know it started in Rome. So they started the whole bread thing.\nYes.  They often kept the bakeries separated from other buildings to mitigate the risk of fires.\nThat's really smart. One thing about Romans that's sure is that they had a good mind for business.
I like to taste Wine ,which is the tasting is the sensory examination\nThat is cool.I like to drink every once and a while but I prefer only a couple shots of whiskey. I don't drink beer\nproduction of alcoholic drinks is common and often reflects cultural and religious peculiarities as much as geographical and sociological conditions.\nYes most acceptable form of partying. Did you know that our ancestors made beer as early as 5000 bc?
I really like to bake but seem to burn everything lately. Do you ejoy baking?
harley davidson was one of the only motorcycle brands to survive the great depression \nDo you know why they survived and not others?
My dog loves homemade dog bisquits, I get him one from a bakery every day.\nOh wow that's a lot of effort. Are the biscuits hard an dry from the bakery still or do they have a different texture?\nUsually hard, but they don't use white flour or bad oils \nIf they don't use a flour-base what do they use in those food products? \nDog biscuit\nWell i was meaning more if ingredients. Some people make their own dog food.\ndifferent grains and nut flours
Do you follow San-Diego Comic Con?\nI know that it is held annually in the United States in California. My boyfriend is into the comic-con stuff.\nOh cool, I usually follow it every year to see the movie trailers and stuff that come out of it.\nIt's crazy that the event lasts for 4 days every summer since 2003. That is a lot of content and fun it seems like!\nYeah a lot of people put a lot of work into their costumes. It is pretty cool.\
A medical condition where an individual has an amount of body fat that creates a medical condition and affects the health of the individual.\nWhat is the medical condition called?\nObesity is when someone's body mass index is over the ranged defined as overweight. You get the BMI by dividing weight by square of height.\nOh, I thought that is what you were talking about. Yes, obesity has become prevalent in the Western countries.
I love pasta. It is a staple item usually known to be associated with Italian food. It dates back to 1154 in Sicily.\nPasta is my favorite food!!! I could eat it for every meal, but I like my absolute favorite dish is fettuccine alfredo! \nPasta is divided in two categories. Dried pasta (Secca) and fresh(pasta fresca.\nThat's interesting! It's also interesting how many other cultures have made pasta a part of their cuisine. Like Italian, Asian food uses a lot of different pastas. \nDried pasta is known to be commercially produced that goes through an extrusion processthough it can be produced in a home.\nI would love to get a pasta maker to make my own pasta. Have you ever tried making pasta?
I have brown hair,What's your hair type?\nI have blue hair, and my hair type is 4A\nBrown hair is characterized by higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels.\nThat's cool I didn't knoow that. I do know that blue dyes have stronger ions, which makes it harder  to remove.\nThey are natural  dyes natural dyes are vegetable dyes from plant sourcesroots, berries, bark, leaves, and woodand other biological sources.\nOh okay that is cool, so our hair are kind of like plants?
Hey, how do you feel about weird hair? I've done some hair coloring, or hair dying, and I have changed to purple hair. \nI think hair coloring is cool. My youngest daughter has had pink hair.\nThat's pretty awesome. More people are doing it. In the US, at home coloring reached $1.9 billion in 2011. That's a lot of dye. \nI agree! That is a whole lot of dye! lol So how do you like your purple hair?\nI like it a lot! The color is great. In the US and Europe, purple is associated with royalty and magic. Sorta cool. \nDo you like in Europe or the United States? Purple is my favorite color. My friends actually call me PIRPS for short. lol\nI live in the United States. What an cool nickname! Purple was the color worn by rulers in the Byzantine Empire and the Holy Roman Empire. So even cooler nickname! \nThank you! I think it's a cool nickname. I bet you are rocking that purple hair!
Have you ever wrapped your thighs around a Harley-Davidson American motorcycle?\nnope tell me about it\nIt will change your life. Any company that can make it through periods of poor economic health and product quality, as well as intense global competition know how to make a product that will rock your socks off.\ncool so it was made in hard times\nFounded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903 and made in America for the first 75 years. \nwow that is quite the record 
I love pasta.\nMy favorite. It was first referenced in 1154. old!\nHow was it created or discovered?
I really do love me some pasta, Ive been wanting to learn more about it though, Do you cook pasta?\nOh yes! I do! It's one of my favorite foods! Pasta is a staple of traditional Italian cuisine with roots dating back to 1154.\nWow its that old!? I never knew, What are some popular pasta dishes I should try?  \nThere are soooo many you can try. I personally like cavatelli, which is known by 28 different names.\nI never heard of cavatelli, can you tell me more about it? 
Lets talk about red, Super stylish, and bulls love the color.\nAlright, I  like the color red because it is the dominant wavelength and has a wavelength of approximately 625740 nanometres. Is red your favorite color too? \nNo I don't have favorites just my flavor of the week. You know how it is.\nRight, Have you ever looked at mars? the insane amount of Iron oxide on it gives the red color to the planet, A lot of people thing its sand lol. \nHaha wow, only uneducated people would think it is sand.
I love baking. Do you like to bake?\nYes I love using prolonged dry heat to make cookies!\nnice. what does that mean?\nIt means I put the dough, normally in the an oven, and wait for it to dry.\nOh I see. I am a terrible baker though.\nYes me too, but experience makes perfect! I mainly baked bread but many other types of foods are baked in my house.\nI see. What is your favorie thing to bake besides cookies?
Am in love with jazz\nJazz is great because as its spread around the world, its drawn on many regional musical cultures and birthed different music styles. \nWhat more do you know about jazz? 
I work as a clown as part of comic performers for my festival.\nreally? How fun! How long have you been doing that?\nI have been doing it as an entertainment style for 15 years now. \nthat's awesome! So do you use a specific make up and clothes?
Im a sports man ,Physical fitness is regular stuff I do to keep fit.
I like the color red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light. \nYes red is a nice color! Red is one of the colors in RGB color model!\nWhoa! Interesting! I've heard that it has a wavelength of approximately 625-740 nanometers.\nNeat! It is interesting how the sky turns partly red at sunset.
Red is such a pretty color, don't you think?\nI like that its wavelenght is 625-740 nanometres.\nOh wow! That's a new one for me! How many different shades are there?\nI am not sure but red is a primary color.\nYep, along with yellow and blue right?\nYes, the RGB color model is an additive color model.\nDon't they use that in old projection tvs to produce the screen images?\nI think so, the main purpose of the RGB color model is for the sensing, representaion and display of images in electronic systems.\nCool, cool. So what colors mix with red to make other colors?
Niagara Falls seems so breathtaking and I would love to visit one day. It is actually on my bucket list.
Do you like red, it's my favorite color!\nI do like it red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum, it is opposite of violet\nIt's just before infrared right?\nyes it has a 625-740 wavelength\nIt's interesting that we can assign numerical values to colors.\nthe planet Mars looks red because of iron oxide\nWow, that's awesome!
Is it true Wine tasting is a delicate art?\nYou could say so, however, results have surfaced that definitely tend to contradict the reliability of wine tasting.  Blind testing has identified many inconsistencies.\nWhat do you mean by reliability?
I don't like the color red that much what about you?\nEh, it's not my favorite but at least it's not yellow. Red is a primary color in the RGB model\nOh really?, could you tell me some more interesting facts about the color red?\nSure! Red is the color at the end of the visible light spectrum\nwow you are very informed on the color red, do you like wearing red clothing?\nI do sometimes. Depends on my mood I suppose. Cool little tidbit, Iron oxide gives Mars its blood red color\nWow, i would have never imagined, there are so many things to learn about colors it's amazing
My favorite number is 7, I dont know I just feel it is lucky\nI've heard that. I'm not sure why that is either. \nDo you know anything about the number 7?\nI know that it is before 8 and after 6!\nI think in the NFL their was a very famous player who had the number 7 but I cant remember his name
I bake cakes when I am sad or stressed out.
I love comedy club
i have observed that after black hair Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\nIm not actually sure about my own i think its black but might just be dark brown\nreally, mine is black, but People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette\nyea i think mine might be black but who knows.\nmaybe, i have observed that brown hair is common in the western world\nyea it is very common, black is more of an asian hair color
twins are such an interesting subject!what can you tell me about them\nWell, they are two offspring produced by the same pregancy - kinda like a 2 for 1 sale!\nyeah! what type of twins are there?\nWell, you can have identical which means the egg splits, or you can have fraternal where there are two separate eggs.  \nohh interesting. what else can you tell me about twins?\nThere are actually people in the world that are non-related look alikes - they are called doppelgangers.  There  have been several movies and tv shows that involve a set of dopplegangers like Vampire Diaries.\nive always wanted to find my doppleganger and hang out for one day lol! what else can you tell me\nI've decided that I don't want to live in Central Africa.  There are like 18-30 twin sets for every 1000 births - that's a lot of twins!\nwow... that can cause trouble even though it sounds cool lol. any other facts most people dont know?
I think Snoop Dogg is a ok rapper\nSnoop Dogg's 1993 album Doggy-style was the soundtrack of my high school years! I've been a fan ever since!\nDo you think he was every a real gangster\nI don't know. I think he probably was. He just has that persona about him. His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.! Not much of a gangster name!\nHis real name is Calvin? that is funny!
I love the carolines on broadway!\nOh the venue located in time square for stand up comedy\nhas anyone famous performed there ?\nYes performers like Chris Rock, John Stewart, Jerry Seinfeld have all performed there\nis it owned by a company or does it have a single owner? when was it             founded ?\nCaroline Hirsch founded it in 1981\nI think I remember when it opened.  thats cool!
Red is my favorite color.  My house, car, and clothes are all red.\nI also like red buddy, I have more red colour dresses\nWhat do you think it is about red that makes it so appealing?\nRed is visible of light, it is next to orange and opposite to violet\nIt's also the first color in the rainbow, roy g. biv, right?\nYes red is primary colour.What about pink colour are you like that\nI don't mind pink.  My daughter however, goes crazy for pink.  It is her favorite color.
I like to color my hair to cover gray, do you color your hair?\nDon't tell anyone, but yes, I do!  LOL  I usually get it done professionally by a hairdresser\nOh that is good I have made a few mistakes doing my own lol\nMe too!  I always made such a mess!  Interestingly, there were  $1.9 billion in sales of at home coloring in the U.S. 2011!\nI believe it hair coloring is expensive, especially the Loreal brand
My mother is a twin and I think it's pretty cool, having siblings that are produced at the same time !\nAwesome. That's rare!\nYes, she's a fraternal twin, so they developed from two different eggs. But, still pretty cool.\nDo twins run in the family?\nI think every third generation on my mother's side. So, it's strange that in fraternal twins, each has it's own sperm cell that is fertilized, and not one cell.\nWow, I wonder if it is more common in one country or another.
hi..i like jazz very much.jazz is originated from African american communities
I enjoy getting my hair colored.
Hello dear, do you like hair coloring?\nI have died my hair in the past for plays at school. I would like to know more about it though.\nHair coloring is also known as hair dyeing , is the practice of changing the hair color.\nI have seen some people around my school with some pretty crazy hair colors. I wonder how long people have been dyeing their hair?\nThe reason why people dye their is to cover gray or white hair\nThat seems logical I will probably do the same thing when I get older and go gray.\nYes, some people also see it as fashionabler desirable, to restore the original hair color after it has been discolored by hairdressing processes  \nWow that is really interesting! I guess hair coloring hair been around for a really long time.
sobriety is the condition of not having any measurable levels of effects from alcohol\nYeah i prefer to be sober myself, I try not to drink too much when I'm at parties. I guess you dont like to drink a lot either? 
I like to bake, I have made my own dough at home before and it is fun.\nI learned in class that  a baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads and other products\nCool, can you tell me about the history of baking?
I enjoy gospel music when I hear it, but I don't know a lot about it.
Have you ever heard of chronic fatigue syndrome? My aunt was recently diagnosed with it based on what she was experiencing.\nNo i have not. What are the symptoms of the illness? \nEssentially for her - she was not able to do daily chores - going to the grocery, using stairs, etc. and rest did not help.\nThat would be very challenging. What are the possible cure for this?
I love the color red, its so unique! (Unlike the other colors)\nWhat about red makes you love it over others? \nIt's just so strong, its so impulsive! It's all, "HEY! I'M RED, YOU SEE THIS?"\nAh I see, that's very true. Why do you feel red is such a strong color overall? 
bakers love to make breads and other stuff using an oven \nYes they do. Are you a baker ? Do you like baking ?
I don't know a lot about motorcycles but I have heard of Harley-Davidson \nYeah, the Harley-Davison motorcycles are awesome. They're an American motorcycle founded in Milwaukee in 1903. My dad drives one!\nAwesome! Are they the most popular motorcycle brand in the US?\nDefinitely! They're also one of two American motorcycle companies to survive the Great Depression. The company has been going strong for years making good bikes.\nThat is interesting. Is this brand common in the rest of the world?\nYes, they have factories all over the world. York, Pennsylvania; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Kansas City, Missouri; Manaus, Brazi. Just to name a few places. They're a popular biker club motorcycle.\nWho is their biggest competitor?
Obesity is a condition  where excess body fat is very high\nThat's true, I think obesity is a big problem in the US right now.\nYes and the negative health effects can include mortality\nDefinitely, it's a big problem. Do you know how common obesity is in the US right now?\n1 in 4 and the causes are varied from over eating to lack of activity and of course genetics play a part\nWow that's crazy it's so common. Are there any cures for obesity?
Do you have brown hair? I think it is a very common hair color.\nI do have brown hair, but it's almost black. Brown hair is the second most common hair of all the coors actually.\nThat's interesting. It must be a dominant gene trait then since so many people have it!\nIt trusly must be. It's crazy though that brown hair varies so much. It goes from light to almost black\nYes, I like how there are so many varieties of brown from red tints to black. Mine tends to be more mousey brown, so I like to lighten it.\nYes, it's great that brown hair is actually more common in the western parts of the world.\nI could see that, so it must have a base from European heritage then.
Do you like Jazz Music. I'm getting into it as I get older. 
I work at Target, the discount store.\nOh I go there all the time! It's a lot better than most stores honestly.
Rock and roll is my favorite music !\nI'm not to big on rock and roll especially not heavy metal but I like when it is mixed in blues records and country records.\nIs there anything else that you could tell me about rock and roll?\nNot really I just know it is from the United States and United Kingdom you are the rock fan give me some pointers who is some great people to listen to?\nOne of my favorite artist would have to be johnny cash
I love baking! Are you a fan?\nI am an avid baker! I love making cookies, pies and anything with yeast like bread. \nDo pies use yeast, too?\nNo, only doughs that you want to rise, like bread, pizza dough, doughnuts, etc. \nOh, that makes sense! Are all doughnuts fried, or can you bake those, too?\nThe good ones are fried! I love how trendy doughtnuts have become. \nMe, too! I wonder what has made them pick up so much steam?
I used to work in a day-care when i was younger.\nOh really? Child care is really important, so that's good experience!\nIt had  its ups and downs.I had to be very patient sometimes.\nYeah I'm sure, especially since child care is always with young kids between ages six and thirteen.\nYes,kids at that age need special attention.It is the growing phase.\nVery true, good child care at that age is so important for the child's future success.\nThat is the reason that day-care employees should be well trained.
Seven is my favorite number!
I've got banana bread in the oven right now -- do you bake?
Not too long ago, I was severely overweight. Considered obese for my height. It's been a struggle but I have lost some of it.\nWhat was your Body Mass Index? Was it high?\nYes. It was a 35. I have it down to a 32 now.\nThat is good. Obesity increases the likehood you will get diseases.\nYes it does! I had gestational diabetes when I was pregnant with both of my kids, so it is very important that I control my weight. I have a somewhat healthier diet now, and I do yoga five times a week.\nThat is good you have a healthier diet. Your child is at a higher risk of having type 2 diabetes.\nOh really? I honestly did not know that. They are both pretty lean and healthy right now, but I will definitely need to work to instill healthy eating habits.
Do you know that Gouda cheese is made from cow milk? \nMost all cheese if made from Cow milk I think. I'm a fan of Gouda, it is pretty good.
I'm not a big fan of gospel music but I occasionally hear it on long road trips. 
I really love comic books. Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con? \nI know it's held annually, but I've never been.  Tell me about it!\nPeople from all over the country, and sometimes other countries, show up and wait in lines for hours to meet famous artists and actors. \nIt's a 4 day even in July in San Diego, so I'd think it's one of the larger comic-cons.\nI've heard that before. I think the only other large one is New York Comic-Con. I hear they have exclusive items to buy there. \nI would probably go as a Trekkie if I ever went since they are derivatives of science-fiction conventions.\nOh like as a character from Star Trek? Do you speak the alien language they use? \nI speak Vulcan.  I live by logic and reason, minus emotion.\nThat's really interesting! I only ever learned to speak Spanish. 
It is a shame how many people are obese nowadays.\nI really feel for those obessed,is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nDo you know the percentage of people that are obese in America right now?\nWell im not a statistician,but People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height, is over , with the range\nDo you know the main causes of obesity?
Comic-Con in San Diego sounds like a great time, have you ever been there?\nI have not, although I understand it is held annually in San Diego.\nSo there are a lot of people that dress up as comic book characters at Comic-Con, which character would you dress up as?\nI have never been to Comic-Con. I understand it hosts both entertainment and comic genre.\nAvengers would be a theme at Comic-Con, have you seen any of those movies?
Have you ever swam with a manta ray? I saw some while snorkeling once.\nHave you ever been in the water with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nYes I have been in the water with rays before. They are majestic creatures.
Alien invasion movies are terrifying for me. Have you ever seen Alien?\nHard of it, harvest people for food, steal the planet's resource\nYes basically. Do you like the alien sci fi genre?
topic is good\nWhat is the topic?\nthis topic\nWhat is the topic? What do we have to talk about?
I have light brown hair, and have often fought against it. I would love either lighter or brown so brown it's almost black!\nDo you want to go for hair dye?
I have naturally brown hair, it's the second most common hair color after black\nBrown hair is lovely! I didn't realize it was that popular! Are there a lot of shades of brown hair?\nThere are, it varies from light brown to almost black. Mine is closer to almost black so it makes it hard for me to change my color up without bleaching it.\nMine is a more like a dark blonde. I've always wanted to dye my hair brown though!\nGo ahead and dye it! 75% of women and 15% of men report having dyed hair.\n75% of women?! Wow! I would have never guessed it would be that high! Is there a specific term that refers to people with brown hair?\nThey're often referred to as "brunette" which in french is the feminine from of "brunet", the diminutive of "brun" (brown)\nThat's right, thank you! I couldn't think of the word! Are there many famous brunettes? 
Are you going to the San Diego Comic-Con? It is really great to go to.\nnot really, i'm not near that city
Rock and roll is my favorite music !
I remember when I was younger there was a Nerf gun called the Manta Ray.\nI had one as well. It looked nothing like the animal though :( \nRight?  It was classic though.  Hide and seek Nerf was awesome.\nI have never played hide and seek Nerf. I mostly just stood there and shot my brother with my gun. \nOne time we put toothpicks in the end of nerf arrows and shot each other.  Not advisable!\nI remember holding my brother down and using my N-strike Elite gun and just shooting him until he yelled for our parents. \nClassic!  I was the younger brother so in that situation I would have probably been the one being held down.  As a matter of fact he used make me watch scary movies.  I still hate clowns!
I love red color, is my favorite
I really like baking.  One of the most common things to bake is bread.\nDo you know when baking first originated?\nI do not know when it was first originated.  I would assume a long time ago though!  I do know in the past baking was typically performed by women in the house.\nWhat are the main baked good that are popular around the world?\nBreads are the most common and important foods.  Both from an economic and cultural point of view.  Cake's and pastries are popular as well but bread is by far the most popular.\nWhat is the process of making bread?
I love the taste of pasta mixed with tomato sauce and shredded cheese all over it
I once saw a Manta Ray at the beach and swam right next to it!\nManta Rays are very extraordinary creatures with their triangular pectoral. I hope one day I will finally go scuba diving and swim along one too\nI heard Manta Rays were dangerous, is that true?\nI have not heard such thing and don't really think it has any basis. There are some who even use manta ray night dive during scuba diving\nI see, I always thouht they were. Now that I know I know I'd like to learn more about them.
let me tell you something... childcare is so expensive!!\nIt is but quality care at a young age is so important\ni agree and that's why i'm a stay at home mom. I used to work at a daycare and there is so much negligence! 
I just love baking, I love to bake item like bread and pastries but I make lots of other types of foods as well. \nme too! I love baking and cooking in general. baking and decorating cakes is my favorite
Superman is probably the greatest DC superhero, am I right? What can't he do, assuming there's no Kryptonite nearby?\nI know right, Superman is amazing, I couldn't imagine his childhood and him realizing he has superhuman abilities\nExactly! Luckily his adoptive parents were super (ha) supportive of him as he grew up. They always knew what was best for him.\nThey gave him such a strong moral compass, which luckily for everyone else, made him good instead of evil lol\nYep, they and Lois Lane. Have you read many of the original Superman comics?\nI have not, it would be amazing to own an Action Comics #1, it came out in 1938!\nOh man, I wonder how much that would be worth right now if you had one in pristine condition!
I love wine tastings, what about you?\nPersonally, I am not much of a drinker; but I do know a little about wine tasting.  It has been around forever, it seems.  But the methodology of it today was really established around the 14th century.  Do you have a preference on wine?\nI like red wines most of all but will try it all. I am not big on drinking either, though\nThe white wines have a long history, too.  The white wines have been around for nearly 2,500 years, and they are produced through the fermentation of non-colored pulps of grapes.  Do you ever use wine in your cooking?\nI have never dabbled with wine in cooking but would like to
My brother is a soldier and i really think he is extremly brave.\nThat is cool they fight along side a army.\nYes, but  it's a very dangerous task i think soldiers really are people that love their country\nThe word "soldier" derives from the Middle English word "soudeour", most people dont know that.\nthat is so interesting i would have never imagined could you tell me more about the history of soldiers?\nIn most armed forces use of the word "soldier" has taken on a more general meaning. It now a days means grunt \nWow, interesting do you know any soldiers?
Hi there, I love showers. Some showers are even outdoors!\nShowering is the first thing I do in the morning. I've never showered outdoors, though.\nAfter a shower I feel clean and fresh. I usually take one before I go to sleep.\nDo you prefer a hot shower or cold shower at that point then?\nI usually take a hot shower in the morning in order to bathe myself and warm up. What about you, do you usually take your showers at morning or night?\nI usually take them in the morning and I tend to take hot showers, though I've heard positive effects of cold showers.\nAncient people used to use cold water out of jugs in order to shower.\nThat makes a lot of sense. I wonder how much better that cold water might be than hotter showers.
Fun fact about me. I have worked in a bakery that sells bread as a part time employee while attending college\nReally what a coincidence. I have a friend who has worked in a deli bakery for several years now. Did you like it?\nThe International Dairy Deli Bakery Association is the reason why I am familiar with deli bakery. Good for your friend to have worked there\nWow I did not know such an organization existed. What functions do they serve or help with with bread?\nThey represent different style of bakery. By the way, are you aware of Nordic bread culture at all?\nOh gotcha. No I am not familiar but that sound interesting. What style is Nordic bread culture?\nThe originate in Scandinavian countries and only four grain types dominate the styles\nInteresting. What are the four grain types if you don't mind telling me? I will have to tell my Mom about this as she is a bread lover.
Target was founded in 1962 in Roseville, Minesota and was renamed in 1967.\nOh really? Who was the founder?
I drive a Ferrari. They're pretty nice, you ever drive one?
Clowns have a long tradition of using lots of variety in their costumes\nI'm not sure how I really feel about clowns. I never thought about it much until the media started making them scary.\nI saw "It" and I'm pretty sure how I feel about clowns.\nI saw that plus the remake and the remake makes clowns a lot more scarier. I'm surprised they still have them in the circus.\nI haven't seen the remake yet. Not brave enough.  The clown from Poltergeist was pretty evil, too.\nClowns were so innocent I'm not sure when they started getting a bad rap.
i have brown hair\nMe too. Its the second most common human hair colour.\nWhat is responsible for human hair coloring and brown hair in particular \nIts the higher level of a dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nHmm That is amazing to hear. What type of hair color do you have yourself?\nI have brown as I have stated earlier. Brown varies from light brown to an almost black colour. Actually black hair is the most common colour in the world.\nI love black hair on people as well. But i prefer mine to be brown. So i am perfect the way i am\nMe too, we are who we are. We brown haired people will most often be referred to as brunette\nYes, i have been called that many times. Is it true that the same pigment responsible for hair coloration is responsible for skin coloration? 
hello, everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit
People are considered obese when their Body Mass Index is not in proportion to their weight and height\nI hear the BMI index isn't very accurate for athletes. Is this true?\nyes, that can be true.  Some peoples metabolisms are different depending on how much energy they are using.\nWhat is considered a healthy BMI to have?
Lets talk about red, Super stylish, and bulls love the color.\nAlright, I  like the color red because it is the dominant wavelength and has a wavelength of approximately 625740 nanometres. Is red your favorite color too? \nNo I don't have favorites just my flavor of the week. You know how it is.
I love to take showers that is actually my peace time away from my kids lol I wish it was still like old times where it was natural formations waterfalls.\nHa! YES, love the idea of waterfall-as-shower. Where would be your ideal location for a waterfall?\nI heard the Gully in South Australian is a great location so maybe there.\nWaterfalls are amazing -- have you ever seen one frozen? Crazy that the kind of power in both the gravity and the medium can be *stopped* by a cold enough temperature!\nNo not in person I have not but I'm sure it looks beautiful from how the ice crystals form.\nWe lived in Chicago a couple of times, and it was amazing how the waves of Lake Michigan could freeze. Beautiful, really.
Not too long ago, I was severely overweight. Considered obese for my height. It's been a struggle but I have lost some of it.\nWhat was your Body Mass Index? Was it high?\nYes. It was a 35. I have it down to a 32 now.\nThat is good. Obesity increases the likehood you will get diseases.\nYes it does! I had gestational diabetes when I was pregnant with both of my kids, so it is very important that I control my weight. I have a somewhat healthier diet now, and I do yoga five times a week.
I don't like hair coloring\nI really don't like coloring my hair either.\nIt changes the natural color of the hair\nYes, the practice of changing hair color is really strange though.\nit makes hair turns gray\nDoes it? I really don't think that cosmetic hair color makes it turn gray.\nReally?
I weigh 300 pounds and I think it might be having a negative effect on my health.\nThat's not good to hear! Have you tried changing your diet and/or exercising more regularly?\nYes, changing diet and exercise are the main treatments, so of course those were my first choices.\nIs it difficult or easy for you? Eating the right foods is difficult for many because it requires self control and self discipline.\nI'm wasting a lot of energy trying to move with my increased body mass. Nothing is easy for me.\nI've been told it's all about gradual steps. Walk a certain amount one day, then increase that amount as the days go on and it will get easier.\nI know, but i'm scared I might already have cardiovascular disease or diabetes.\nThat's not good, have you consulted with your doctor? They often know what's best for you.
Niagara Falls is really three waterfalls on the international border between Canada and the U.S. Great place for honeymoons!\nI didn't know that! I've always wanted to go.\nYes, from largest to smalled, the three are Horseshoe Falls, American Falls and Bridal Veil Falls.\nBridal Veil Falls sounds the nicest.
Do you know that Snoop Dog's real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.?\nWow! Didn't know about that ,would love to know more about the rap icon
I work at Target, the discount store.\nOh I go there all the time! It's a lot better than most stores honestly.\nYes, the store was founded by George Dayton.\nWho is he exactly? I've never heard of him.
I am so into the practice of changing my hair color! this time i have it purple, are you adventorous enogh to try purple hair>\nI wish I was! Maybe some purple sections! I love changing my hair color too though. What other colors have you tried?
I am so happy I haven't ahd to put my children in childcare or daycare and have someone else caring and supervising them.\nYes, I would always be nervous about what happens during the time away from my children.\nI know that is how I felt, you never know what happens when nannies, babysitters, teachers or other providers are taking care of your children\nActual references from close friends would be the only way I would go with a babysitter\nI would definitely be more inclined to go that route when choosing the perfect care giver for my kids. I would feel even better using an extended family member of my child\nAbsolutely.  It would be perfect to have a family member involved.  The extra pure love is key!\nVery true, that is why I think it is best when parents or or legal guardians take care of their children, because they are they only ones that love the children\nIt is difficult for some who do not have the financial resources to stay home though.  Tough situation.
I think I might have chronic fatigue syndrome because I'm so tired all the time
I love baking. Do you like to bake?
you know what, my favorite number is 7\nYou should play it in the lotto along with the following 6 and 8 you may win.\nreally? tell me more\nHindus wrote 7 or less in their culture I'm guessing 7 was a lucky number for them as well what makes you like the number 7?\ni think I like it, because of the sound of the word seven\nUsually lucky numbers is determined by us by a certain sieve from it being natural. Do you b buy things in groups of 7?\nno, but most things come in even numbers, like a dozen or 6 pack
You like jazz? I do, it's music that originated in the African American communities here in the US.\nYes, I love jazz music! It's very relaxing to me. Who is your favorite jazz musician?\nI don't know many musicians by name, but I love it so much. It's seen as "America's classical music".\nI can believe that! I'm a big fan of the sound of the brass instruments used in jazz music. Do you know what they are?
Red is the colour I love.What's your type of color?\nI like blue. Why do you like red?\nBecause next to orange and opposite violet.\ndo you like colors that are in that specific range?\nYes ,it ranges from a wavelength of approximately 625740 nanometres.\nThat's good to know. Do you prefer items that are red over ones that aren't?\nAnything red is cool to me\nWhat kinds of things do you own that are red?
I am afraid of Manta ray while swimming in warm, tropical waters.\nI got to swim with manta rays once. It was a great experience. Where can I usually find Manta Rays in the world?\nThey are mostly found in warm temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.\nThe ones I saw were very big. About how large can they grow?\nThey can be larger like the "M.birostris" or smaller like "M.alfredi".  Weren;t you scared of them?\nA little, but once I got used to them I was fine. I didn't get to feed them though. What kind of food do they eat?
Chronic fatigue syndrome is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue, do you have chronic fatigue?\nI do not think so, but I certainly would not like to have it!\nyeah diagnosis is based on the presented symptoms.\nI hope I never have those symptoms, I like to be full of energy, but when I do not get much sleep I get very fatigued
Have you ever colored your hair? I made mine purple once as a kid!\nNo, I've never dyed my hair, but I've been thinking of doing it recently, due to my gray hair.\nOh, that is sad, but it could make a big difference, maybe it will make you feel younger!\nI think I'm going to have mine done by a professional hairdresser,\nthat would be smart, I messed mine up royally as a kid, it is worth the investment!\nCeltic people used to dye their hair blonde. \nis that right? that is interesitng, I wonder why!\nThey used to do this naturally by washing it in lime and combing it back.\nHuh, I did not know that was possible, that is very cool, I wonder if any still do it that way today!
I'd love to know more about sobriety and how I can be sober
Hi, the color red, which is at the end of the visible spectrum of light, is my favorite color. \nI like red too. What other colors do you enjoy?\nI also like purple, which is a color intermediate between blue and red. it reminds me of the sunset.\nThat's beautiful. What color is at the beginning  of the spectrum?\nIndigo is a deep and rich color close to the color wheel blue and it lies somewhere at the beginning of the spectrum.\nOkay how many colors are on the spectrum?\nThere are numerous variations of the color along the spectrum. Potentially thousands!\nWow. I'm surprised I didn't know that. I love colors. Is black on the spectrum?
My father was a soldier, did you ever join the army?
I am really excited for our Niagara Falls trip, have you ever visited there before? I hear it is actually three combined waterfalls. \nI have not been! That's a lot of water!
I do not have much energy. I am having a  long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limits my ability to carry out ordinary daily activities.\nOh god buddy, i  think you are depressed\nYes it is a medical condition called Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)\nIts CFS, Can you explain more about this.
I would love to drive a Ferrari
Are you into any super heroes? My favorite is Superman! \nAmong superhero action figures my favorite is Batman. I admire him for his personality and righteousness\nI just have a thing for Superman's outfit. I know that sounds weird but he's totally hot.\nSpeaking of hotness, i am much attracted to that fictional superhero Wonder Woman. That is what I call beauty\nShe is beautiful. I am in full agreement. Her and Superman would make a great looking couple!\nIndeed. Superman with its success, has pretty much established its primacy into comic books and mostly is central\nWhat else do you like about Superman? I feel like he is the epitome of the perfect superhero. That's why I am so fanatical about him.
Have you ever been to a wine tasting?\nno, not really a fan of wine, but my wife loves wine.\nThe Paris Wine Tasting of 1976 is when it started I think.\ncool. how many different kinds of wine are there?\nI asm not sure but I know white wine is one of them.\nhow long does it take for wine to mature?\nI am not sure but I know its from the Latin vinum.\nwhat else can you tell me about it?
What color is your hair? \nMy hair is brown, the second most common hair color.\nWhat is the first most common hair color and what is the third? 
I love dyeing my hair funky colors. \nyes me too, hair coloring can be done at home or by a professional, do you do yours at home?\nI color mine at home with products from Sally's beauty supply
Hi, Have you ever colored your hair? \nI've been coloring my hair for years, and I'm not the only one. Americans spend about 2 billion dollars on hair dye.\nWow, that's a lot of money for hair color. Do you do it yourself or at a salon?
I used to work outside of the home. It was difficult finding reliable child care.\nDo you have children? Child care is an action or skill looking after children by a day care center, nannies or baby sitters.\nI do have children. Two boys. How about you?\nI don't but it is important to understand now. Early child care is equally important and often overlooked in child development.\nYes, it's definitely better to have young children in a place that will aid in their social and intellectual development.\nThat's so true. And daycare is typically an ongoing service during specific time periods like when you need to work.\nI wish there were more commercial daycares open for those that have to work third shift. Unfortunately, those are few and far between.
I'm sick of my purple hair, but I'm not sure if changing it would be too damaging to my hair
I love shopping at Target, its so much better than Walmart even if its a little more expensive.\nYes, i agree. I love Target also. I think Target has established itself now as one of the highest earning stores other than Wal mart\nReally, I heard they had to close their whole Canadian operation because of poor sales.
Hello, so what are your thoughts on pasta?\nI love pasta, it is such a versatile food! I really enjoy Italian food for its great flavors, and of course, it involves lots of pasta!\nTrue, me too.  We have an Italian shop around the corner and I see them making fresh pasta.  Delicious!\nOh wow I have never seen that before! How do they make fresh pasta?\nIt's working the pasta dough and flattening or elongating it with a pasta machine attached to a bench.  What pastas do you usually get>?
Hi there! Have you ever heard of the San Diego Comic-Con?\nNot San Diego's specifically, but definitely comic-con in general. Definitely not into comic book conventions...you?\nFunny you should ask, I went to my first ever comic convention here in Houston this year. I don't have much interest in comic books or anything, but found it interesting. \nDid you participate in cosplay? What is your character of choice?\nActually, no I did not dress in cosplay. But if I did, I probably would have went as an Overwatch character! Maybe McCree?
I like target but they are a little pricey 
Baking is such a fun passtime, plus you get baked goods when they're done.\nBaking is a lot of fun, I really like making bread, it's lots of work but well worth it!\nBread is one of my favorite things to bake too!\nI wish I could call myself a baker, that would be an awesome job\nIf it made more money than being an engineer than I would bake forever.\nWell I am sure with the industrialization of baking, they hire fewer people and use machines in huge factories\nIt's sad that less bread is made in a less fake, manufactured way.
I love ferrari's I have riven quite  a few before. I like the red one espicially.
Childcare involve supervision of children from ages 6 weeks to 13\nI have two small children in that age range. How about you?\nI have 1 child in that age range and use to have a child around that age but he's 5 now and it also involves nannies, baby sitters, teachers, and day care centers.   It's so hard to find a good one too huh?\nIt really is! We had to put both of my kids (4, 6) into different schools just because they each specialize in something different. Plus, we have had to have help from family members when daycare times are crazy.\nEarly childcare is such an important part of a babies life too and development.  Just finding the right care that you can trust is so crucial\nCompletely agree. We tried one daycare for my youngest and I didn't think they were providing enough education. Even though they were great people, we had to move out. Have you ever had to leave a child supervision facility for a similar reason?\nOh yeah at one place we left because he was being abused.   I sometimes just turn to extended family such as my mother, mother and law, sister if I'm lucky.  Sheesh it's just so frustrating.\nI am so sorry to hear that! I can't imagine! I really believe that there should be strict rules and policies in place for those situations!
Red is my favorite color.\nMine is green!\nI like it cause it is next to orange and opposite violet.\nI generally prefer warmer colors :D\nRed has 625-740 nanometers.\ncool, anything else you know about the color 'red'?
Everyday i buy my dog because because it is hard and dry\nYou buy your dog? What do you buy your dog?\nI buy my dog, dog biscuit. It is often sold in a flat bone-shape.\nDog biscuits are probably pretty good for them. Does your dog like them?\nYes he does and it is a dietary supplement for dogs or other canines, similar to human snack food.\nThat's good to hear. Do you ever feed him real meat?
I'm always surprised at how many people suffer from obesity in the US. It's so unhealthy to carry all that extra body fat!\nI unfortunately suffer from obesity, it's tough.\nA few cases of obesity are caused primarily by genes or some medications.\nWhat about diet or lack of exercise?
The Italians know how to make an amazing sports car, I love Ferrari's\nWow I didn't know we made those cars. lol\nTheir Scuderia Ferrari team handles formula one racing parts and other things, it's very competative.\nNice. I live in the US but I am Italian. I think Ferrari's are beautiful especially in red or black. Do you have a color preference?
I swam with manta rays once\nThat would be such an incredible experience.. Where did it happen at?
the number 7 is a great number.\nAbsolutely, it follows 6 and precedes 8! What fun!\nyea i love 17 as a number the most but both are good
I think the most common hair color is brown, what do you think?\nYou're close! Technically, black is the most common hair color. Brown comes after that.\nI would think there are many different shades of brown hair between light brown and dark brown\nThere's a lot of variation, especially between different hair colors. Brown hair has high levels of a dark pigment and low levels of a pale pigment.\nI wonder if two people with brown hair can have a child with different color hair than its parents\nThat's true. If they both have a recessive gene for blonde hair, their child can be blonde!\nI wonder in which parts of the world brown hair is most common
Hi!  Do you know anything about manta rays?\nI know they are found in warm temperature such as subtropical and tropical water!\nThey are pretty amazing creatures.  You can swim with them as they are quite docile.\nYes they are so large too! And belong to the genus Manta.\nWow!  do you know any other cool facts about them?  I didn't know their genus!
A physician is a simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine\nYou must have to be smart to be a doctor. How long do you have to go to school to become one?\nI'm not sure but their field is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease,\nCan you specialize in a certain field of medicine?
I love the color red.  Hematite or ochre causes the red color at the Grand Canyon.\nRed is my favorite color! What is hematitie or ochre and why does it cause the color red?
Have you ever heard of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?\nYes, it is interesting that the diagnosis is based on symptoms for the most part.\nThere has been very little research until recently and it was often misdiagnosed as Fibromyalgia. Many doctors think its linked to the Epstein Barre virus which causes Mono. Do you know anyone with Mono or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?
Have you ever worked at a day care? Childcare is generally given to kids ages 6 weeks to 13 years.\ni have not and was not in it growing up either
Mantas are found just about everywhere except cold waers\nMantas like manta rays? I'm not sure what you mean to be honest.\nYes, sorry I wasn't specific. Apparently they belong to the genus "Manta".\nOh I see. I don't know much about them except I think one of them killed Steve Irwin. Do you know a lot about them?
I enjoy getting my hair colored.\nSpeaking of Hair, have you ever seen the musical?\nI have never seen the musical! I did see some of it on tv with Ricki Lake I think?
Red is such a pretty color, don't you think?\nI like that its wavelenght is 625-740 nanometres.\nOh wow! That's a new one for me! How many different shades are there?\nI am not sure but red is a primary color.\nYep, along with yellow and blue right?\nYes, the RGB color model is an additive color model.\nDon't they use that in old projection tvs to produce the screen images?
I'm doing my internship at a day care center.\nChild care children child minding \nYes, we work to develop early childhood skills. \ndaycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children\nYes, we do supervise them, but we also work on developmental milestones with them.
A Target just opened up by me. It's the second-largest discount store. \nYou're so lucky!  We had Target in Canada briefly before they pulled out!  Do you like shopping there?
I want you to know that my favorite color is red.
Hi we are discuss about the world famous niagara falls\nNiagara Falls is actually three different waterfalls. Most people thing it is just one large one.\nYes, What are the three different waterfalls cn you please share with me\nThe three waterfalls are the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls.\nWhich view is most beautiful view\nI think that the Bridal Falls is the most beautiful of them all.\nOh name itself its so nice. Any new upadtes about that falls
I love red! I mean think of all the beauty that is red -- a classic lip color, roses, valentines, sports cars....\nYes there are so many beautiful types of red from scarlett to crimson to pink\nVery true -- all the shades are gorgeous too. Plus it truly is a color of confidence. I might not always feel like wearing red, but when I do -- it's like a superhero cape ;-)\nYes color psychology is very interesting.  Stimulant pills are usually colored red or orange for example\nThat's interesting -- and not surprising. I know it's often used in food marketing as well.
Mantas are found just about everywhere except cold waers\nMantas like manta rays? I'm not sure what you mean to be honest.
I love Snoop Dogg, he's my favorite rapper. His real name is actually Calvin Cordozar Broadus, much easier to say Snoop Dogg though.\nI can't say I listen to his music at all, but I still respect him as an artist.\nI think that's a fair and respectable attitude to have. You certainly can't deny his success, having sold over 35 million albums worldwide after all.\nI don't think that number even accounts for all of the collaborations he's done with other artists.
My dog loves homemade dog bisquits, I get him one from a bakery every day.
Hello, so what are your thoughts on pasta?
Jazz is super groovy, man. Ever heard of it?
Hey! I love listening to music, specifically rap. One of my favorite rappers is Snoop Dogg. \nI don't know a lot about Snoop Dogg but I do know his career began in 1992 as he was discovered by Dr. Dre.\nReally? That is interesting! I am a big fan of Dr. Dre as well. \nYes, Dr. Dre is the current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment.\nHave you ever heard of Dr. Dre's song with Snoop Dogg, "The Next Episode"?
Pasta is one of my favorite foods to eat!\nIt is part of the Italian diet and its been around since 1154\nWhat is the most popular pasta in Italy?
ah chronic fatigue syndrome is referred to a myalgic encephalomyelitis, it is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptons that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily acitivites\nThat sounds horrible. i have never heard of it before. What is it caused by?
I just love pasta but I cant eat it right now\nReally? Why not? I love it! It's a staple food in Italy. If was first discussed in literature in 1115 in Sicily. \nit has too many carbs for a low cal diet, I think Italy where it was first eaten right?\nYes! Maybe you can enjoy an alternative type like pastas made from rice flour? It's pretty good and has more protein. \nno rice or rice flour either, coconut flour or almond flour only. I wonder how many pasta dishes there are, probably too many variations to count I suppose\nThere's a lot definitely! It depends on the region where its made, with different shapes and types being popular to a specific region.\noh really I like all the shapes and types\nMe too! There are 310 specifics shapes of pasta with over 1300 different names documented. It's quite amazing!\noh actually that is way more then I even imagined.
I am planning a trip to San Diego Comic Con, have you been?
Once I swam with a Manta ray. \nThat's incredible, was it a reef manta ray? They're the biggest species out of all of them\nI really don't know they were pretty large, do you know anything else?
Clowns have a long tradition of using lots of variety in their costumes\nI'm not sure how I really feel about clowns. I never thought about it much until the media started making them scary.
I love red. It's my favorite color!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nMy favorite red is Ketchup red.\nIts a  is a cult Quebec comic book series featuring FBIs crazed rogue agent, Steve Red Ketchup.\nOh wow, I didn't know that. Is red symbolic?\nMore so,primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model, and is the complementary color of cyan.\nWhat is cyan?
Seven is my favorite number!\nMine too! Its been known that since 1977, the muppeteer eric jacobson has been centered as berts performance on sesame street\nI did not know that! Do you know why other people think it's a lucky numbe?\nNot sure! But I know of a charcter named lucky on the show general hospital. the characters name is lucky spencer. cool name, huh?\nThat would be a neat name, does Lucky like the number 7?
Ferraris are some of the most powerful cars in the world.\nI dont know too much about cars.  My dad worked on them all the time, showed me how to keep the basics, oil changed, keep it from over heating.  But as far as Ferraris, wow, very expensive, and thats about all I know?  Are they your favorites\nThey are definitely among my favourite sports cars, although I would prefer to drive an electric car. What's your favourite?\nMy favorite is the american muscle cars.  Dodge, but mainly because thats what Daddy drove.  Ive never driven an electric car?  Does it perform any differently than a gas powered vehicle?
hello\nHi, I'm a baker! I make bread and other products that are cooked in an oven.\ni which bakery
I've had issues with my weight in the past. I'm doing really well and have lost almost 50 pounds so far.
ive never really used hair colors\nIt is the practice of changing the color of one's hair\noh yea makes sense\nIt can be done professionally by a hair dresser or at home\nat home can be quite a mess
Hi, I love eating pasta,  a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine\nWow who discovered pasta?
Ferrari is the coolest car company
Overeating is a serious problem in the USA.\nOvereating food in excess is quite disgusting but so many people dont stop their kids\nFast food chains also make it worse, I would say.\novereating so much food is because they aim stuff at children , tis really terrible\nYes, I agree. I think Americans need to rethink their food choices.\nOvereating is something that needs to be controlled and stop kids from eating so much food\nI agree. I think that the school systems should get involved.\nYea overeating was being tackled by obama and michelle to stop too much eating\nI agree. There were many initiatives in the last decade that helped.
What is your favorite color, I like red. Its a primary color model.\nI love red too! \nIts next to orange on the spectrum and opposite of violet.\nReally? What about pink? I like pink too.. is there red in pink?\nYes, there is a pale red pink out there.\nOh nice!\nIf you are into sunsets, there is a red color that is caused by iron oxide.\nI am into sunsets! I did notice there was red in them, but wasnt sure!
I love red. It reminds me roses and weddings. What about you?
I love the Italian car maker called Ferrari. They make some of the most iconic supercars in the world! What car brands do you like?\nI like to watch races . I know the Ferrari is a race car and is in the Formula One races. But no one in particular.\nFerrari has multiple cars... They have F1 race cars, supercars, and hyper cars. They are a brand. What races do you watch from Ferrari?\nYeah, I know. I like their road cars . The racing cars are just for racing I thought. Like the Formula one races\nYup, though you referred "the Ferrari" is solely race cars for Formula One that is the highest class of single seating auto racing.\nI don't know a lot about them. But I like watching races on TV. I have seen their logo and I like it alot.
I have brown hair, my sister says it is the second most common hair in the world\ni have blackish hair
Are ou familiar with Ferrari? The sport car from Italy.\nI know a bit about it, why don't you tell me some more about it though?
I love the color red, because red roses are my favorite.\nAh yes. Red, the color of Iron and of Mars. But more importantly, the color of Scuderia Ferrari! Corsa Rossa!\nScueria Ferrari!  Yes! What a beauty!  Red in their logo really sets them apart.
I'd love to know more about sobriety and how I can be sober\nWell, sobriety is the condition of not having any effects from alcohol. I know I don't relish the times when I'm sober, haha\nWhat does it take to be in this state?\nAbsolutely nothing, sobriety is considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth. Do you drink often?\nYes I take a beer that contains 6% and it knocks me off every time i take it\nJust make sure to keep your alcohol intake in check, in some cases, sobriety means having a "life balance"!\nIs there any medication to make one sober?\nSadly, no, sustained abstinence is a prerequisite for sobriety. I wish though, haha!\nI wish the research centers and alcohol companies can invest so as to help find a medication that can make people sober
I wish I owned a Ferrari, it would be so neat to drive around in that Italian sports car besed in Maranello\nYes! I have never owned a Ferrari, they are expensive! I would love a red one though.
I would love a Ferrari! It is an Italian sports car manufacturer based in Maranello.\nI'd love one too! Which model would you buy?\nI think I might want a Diablo! It was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni"\nWow! I had no idea Ferrari has been around that long! Do you know how many cars the company produces per year?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports\nWhat sports are best for physical fitness?
I know the San Diego Comic-Con is coming up soon! I would love to attend this event! Have you ever been?\nNo, but it does  sound   kind of fun. It waas founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970\nI had no idea it had been around that long! Can you tell me more about the convention?
My younger daughter hair once had blue hair! She loved it!
you know what, my favorite number is 7\nYou should play it in the lotto along with the following 6 and 8 you may win.\nreally? tell me more\nHindus wrote 7 or less in their culture I'm guessing 7 was a lucky number for them as well what makes you like the number 7?\ni think I like it, because of the sound of the word seven
Hello, have you colored your hair before? It is practice of changing the hair color\nYes, I have. I have done so for many years.\nI don't know what your reasons must have been. Anyways,   a primary reason is to cover gray or white hair, to change to a color regarded as more fashionable or desirable\nYes, that is why I do it now. I have some grays that I cover to blend with the rest of my hair. Do you color your hair?\nOf course, I have some white hair as well, I usually do it at home with the help of my loving wife and sometimes through the services of a professional at a salon \nI prefer to use a professional. Do you have any advice about hair coloring?
Red the color at the end of the visible light spectrum looks good on everyone. Don't you think?\nI am more of a fan of green.  That would leave us only one primary color: Blue.\nBut the dominant wavelength of red is approximately 625740. That's impressive!\nHey, i have seen many a red sunset, and the wavelength you have mentioned is the reason.
Last summer me and my husband visited Niagara Falls when we went to Canada.\nWow that's interesting!  Is it cold there?
My favourite number is 7! It is a natural number that follows the number 6 and precedes number 8\nI hear that's a lucky number but have never been a big believer in luck. \nYes, it is known as a lucky number in western countries!\nDo you know any interesting facts about the number 7 or numbers in general?
I love baking! Are you a fan?\nI am an avid baker! I love making cookies, pies and anything with yeast like bread. \nDo pies use yeast, too?\nNo, only doughs that you want to rise, like bread, pizza dough, doughnuts, etc. \nOh, that makes sense! Are all doughnuts fried, or can you bake those, too?\nThe good ones are fried! I love how trendy doughtnuts have become. \nMe, too! I wonder what has made them pick up so much steam?\nMaybe the new trend towards things can be eaten with your hands, like street food...it's all okay with me, I love to eat. \nWhat are some other examples of street food?
As weird as it might sound, sometimes I imagine heaven being a giant bowl of never ending pasta. And I just wade in marinara sauce for eternity, slurping noodles. Weird, yeah?\n) is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine, with the first reference dating to 1154 \nWell, I can't be the only one who's had this fantasy then. 1154 is a long time ago. Did they make it similar to how it is done in modern times?\nFresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines\nInteresting. What is the most popular form of pasta? I would guess spaghetti, but I don't really know.
I have only dyed my hair once. nothing permanent a rinse really. WOuld you dye your hair
So true story. I once swam with Manta Ray and it was awesome.\nIve never seen one up close. I know theyre mostly found in warm, subtropic waters.\nI didn't know much about them when it happened.  What countries are they found in?\nI only know they are found in the subtropics. I would assume places like Australia or wherever they can feed on zooplankton.\nDo they get pretty big?  The one I saw appeared to be a baby.\nI know the oceanic ones are the biggest. Dont know how big. The larger ones are the birostris species.\nBirostris species? So there are lots of different types of Manta Ray?\nYes. the smaller one is the alfredi species. I believe those are the only two.\nCool. I saw a grey one.  Are you aware of different colors they have?
i have observed that after black hair Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\nIm not actually sure about my own i think its black but might just be dark brown\nreally, mine is black, but People with brown hair are often referred to as brunette\nyea i think mine might be black but who knows.\nmaybe, i have observed that brown hair is common in the western world\nyea it is very common, black is more of an asian hair color\ni dont think, it is common among Australian Aborigines and Melanesians\nyea, Asians seem to be the only ones with a heavy majority.
I do not have much energy. I am having a  long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limits my ability to carry out ordinary daily activities.\nOh god buddy, i  think you are depressed\nYes it is a medical condition called Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)\nIts CFS, Can you explain more about this.\nThe fatigue you experience is not  due to strenuous ongoing exertion and it is  not much relieved by rest neither was it due to a previous medical condition.\nOk, Due to what we are getting depression more.
I love gospel music: james Brown sang gospel in the movie "the Blues Brothers", and it was awe inspiring.\nI'm not really into Gospel music. I prefer country music\ngospel is simply a form of the genre of Christian music.  Some people get it, others don't.\nWell i love christian music but not baptist type of music with a lot of yelling. i prefer classical hymns\nGospel is classical.  since the 17th century, when it arose, it has been based on the black tradions of oral recitation of music.\nokay thats interesting. Who are some famous gospel singers?
I really like to bake but seem to burn everything lately. Do you ejoy baking?\nIve been getting really good at baking. I have even baked things using hot stones and hot ashes, but that is not the most common method. Normally I just bake in the oven.\nI've heard of those methods that's awesome! So you must know a great deal about baking.\nId like to think so. For beginners the most common item to bake is bread. Then you can branch out and bake other various food items. I would start with that.\nIs that what you started with? I remember being little and my grandmother would give me a small chunk of dough to play with.
Hi, do you like Ferrari's?
As weird as it might sound, sometimes I imagine heaven being a giant bowl of never ending pasta. And I just wade in marinara sauce for eternity, slurping noodles. Weird, yeah?\n) is a staple food of traditional Italian cuisine, with the first reference dating to 1154 \nWell, I can't be the only one who's had this fantasy then. 1154 is a long time ago. Did they make it similar to how it is done in modern times?\nFresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines\nInteresting. What is the most popular form of pasta? I would guess spaghetti, but I don't really know.\nYeah! Spagetti is a long, thin, solid, cylindrical pasta\nWell, we both know Italy is famous for pasta. Are there any other countries who make their own version?\nSignificant changes occurred with the discovery of the New World and the introduction of potatoes, tomatoes, bell peppers, maize and sugar beet\nThose ingredients must have really helped bring pasta to the next level. I wonder if sailors ate pasta.
my favorite color is red \nVery nice. It's a strong color to pick to be infatuated with, as it's a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model. Little do people know, though, is that it's a complementary color of cyan\noh that i did not know, anything else you can tell me about the color red ?\nIt's one of the colors that's at the end of the visible spectrum of light, sitting right next to orange, and opposite of violet. Its wavelength is dominant, with nanometres of 625 to 740. So, it's obviously a strong color, which is why some people like it.\ndo you see the color red in nature a lot ?\nWell, for example, you'll see red in the sky at times due to the Rayleigh scattering, and you'll see red in the Grand Canyon and other geological features because of hematite or red ochre, which come from iron oxide. These are just a couple of examples, but red is very present in nature.\noh wow thats cool
Red is such a pretty color, don't you think?\nI like that its wavelenght is 625-740 nanometres.\nOh wow! That's a new one for me! How many different shades are there?\nI am not sure but red is a primary color.\nYep, along with yellow and blue right?
good afternoon  i have purple hair, yes purple\nLove it!  I assume you dye your hair with hair color as opposed to brush in color that washes out?  \ni use dye, it lasts longer
I love wine tastings, what about you?\nPersonally, I am not much of a drinker; but I do know a little about wine tasting.  It has been around forever, it seems.  But the methodology of it today was really established around the 14th century.  Do you have a preference on wine?\nI like red wines most of all but will try it all. I am not big on drinking either, though\nThe white wines have a long history, too.  The white wines have been around for nearly 2,500 years, and they are produced through the fermentation of non-colored pulps of grapes.  Do you ever use wine in your cooking?\nI have never dabbled with wine in cooking but would like to\nYes; I actually replace the wine with white grape juice in my cooking.  Sparkling wine is another style of wine that is used basically with carbon dioxide.  It makes it all fizzy and fun!\nI would never thought of that! It's a great idea. Do you know any other fun facts?
I've been really stressed lately. Does it ever happen to you that you eat way too much when in stress?\nSometimes.  I am definitely more impulsive when I'm stressed out.\nMe too, I just act on a whim when stressed sometimes. however even though stress can be horrible, sometimes it may be beneficial too, for example in competetive situations.\nI agree.  Sometimes stress can help me be more motivated as well - if I have an upcoming deadline for example.  \nIt does play a role in motivation, as well as adaptation to the environment. I myself started thinking of stress as a more positive thing, in the past I used to only focus on the discomfort.\nIn what ways has it been positive in your life recently\nLately my wife and I have been apart for work related reasons, I decided to take on eudaimonic perspective, in psychology it's the concept of a "good life", living according to greatest values in life, and thought to myself the stress motivation can help me finish up working faster and come back to my wife while appreciating I have a job.\nThat must be tough - being away from each other for extended periods at a time.  My girlfriend and I had to spend two years apart while I studied abroad so I know the struggle.
Hey, how do you feel about weird hair? I've done some hair coloring, or hair dying, and I have changed to purple hair. \nI think hair coloring is cool. My youngest daughter has had pink hair.
I just dyed my hair burgandy, kind of regretting it\nOh wow!  Did you have it done  professionally by a hairdresser or did you do it yourself at home?\nI did it at home and obviously did not think it through, Burgandy is not a natural hair color so it looks weird
I like to shop at Target. It's actually the second largest discount store in the US, next to Walmart.\nI also love Target, they are so clean inside.\nYes, and items are a bit different. It used to be named Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902 when it was first opened, and went through a few more names until 1910\nSo it officially became Target in 1910?\nWell, the actual first Target opened in Minnesota in 1962, but the parent company was renamed Dayton Corporation in 1967. It's been a process!\nHow many Target stores are there in the USA?
i love baking ,i bake cakes for my family every weekends\nThat's awesome! Do you bake bread too?\nyes i usually bake also bread once in a while\nBaking bread is an ancient activity. I have only baked bread once as a 4H project as a kid\ni love hot bread thats y sometimes i do it
I've always wanted to visit the Niagara Falls, especially the Horseshoe Falls, although the other two falls would be fun to see, too.\ni have never visited Niagara but it would be a neat place to go\nIt really would. The largest falls, the Horseshoe Falls are right on the border between the US and Canada.\nso the Horseshoe Fall is the most famous one?\nNot sure if its the most famous, but the Horseshoe Falls is the most powerful one in the US and Canada.\ninteresting, it borders both the US and Canada\nYes, it does. The American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls are entirely on the American side.\nif I remember right, the falls are in Buffalo
I really enjoy baking.  I actually used to work in a bakery when I was in college\nI love baking but I'm just a beginner.  What do you like to bake?\nI really like baking croissants.  They are layered with butter, rolled, and placed on a sheet.\nThat sounds kind of difficult.  What about Macaroons?\nThey are good as well.  You can make with with ground almonds, coconut, and sometimes other nuts\nWhat is a good pastry to bake as a beginner?
Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\n What did you say that?
I believe physical fitness is not just body but health as well\nI agree. It helps with a lot of things. I think it helps with confidence in oneself too.\nyes, physical fitness is often achieved by proper diet, rest, and activity\nI try to get exercise every day, especially as I get older I realize how important it is.
I am really struggling with obesity  It is so hard to lose weight\nObesity is a serious problem that affect many people all over the world\nYes.  And it seems to be getting worse every year\nIn United States obesity is on the rise in the last few years.It has become a major health issue\nYes other countries are having this problem as well\nFor example France.There o;obesity is a health issue \nI thought the french ate more healthy food than the US
I just brown hair.  I wonder how many people have brown hair.\nQuite a lot!  It's actually the second most common hair color.  Second to black hair of course.\nIs there a reasons so many people have brown hair?\nWell it depends on the level of eumelanin.  If there is more, the hair color will be darker and vice versa.  Brown just happens to be in the middle.\nDoes the color of the hair change anything else about it?\nWell actually the darker a person's hair color is, the more individual hair follicles they have on their scalp as well!\nDoes that affect the strength of the hair?
Red the color at the end of the visible light spectrum looks good on everyone. Don't you think?\nI am more of a fan of green.  That would leave us only one primary color: Blue.
I go to Target all the time, do you?\nTarget Corporation is the second largest discount retailer\nI assume that it is just before Walmart, but still huge.\nyea Target Corporation does very well for them selves as a store and retailer\nThey really do, at least over here in the US.
I am planning to have my honeymoon in Niagara falls \nThat is exciting, they form the Southern end of niagara gorge. \nI was told that. Was it true it shared borders with United states and Canada?\nYes! in fact it is the horseshoe falls that fall on the United States side.\nI see, I will see all that when i go for my honeymoon. What are the things on interest over there?\nas measured by the flow rate, horseshoe falls is the most powerful waterfall in North America. I'm not sure what else there is to see over there.\nWell the beauty can be amusing too
& is my favorite number\nThe number 7 was written by Hindus in a single stroke as a curve that looks like an upper case J vertically inverted.\nReally? I know nothing about the history its just been a lucky number for me gambling lol
Ferrari N.V. () is an Italian sports car manufacturer\nAren't they really fast?\nYeah,they were really fast & furious ...Lol.  Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni", the company built its first car in 1940.\nI think they would have too much power for me haha
My friend was just diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but I don't know much about it.\nIts characterized by long term fatigue and other symptoms and it severely limits a persons ability to live a normal life\nWhat are the other symptoms?
I think I might have chronic fatigue syndrome because I'm so tired all the time\nDo you have long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily activites ?\nI have been fatigue for awhile now. What kind of symptoms do you mean?\nWell fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, it is not much relived by rest, and it is not due to a previous medical condition.  It is unexplained fatigue and severity of functional impairment\nYes, it is unexplained. No matter how much I rest I'm still tired. Is pain a symptom as well?\nThere is evidence that suggests that cognitive behavioral therapy and gradual increase in acitivty suited to individual capacity can be beneficial in some cases\nI'll have to talk to my doctor about that. Does cognitive behavioral therapy mean I need a psychiatrist?
Niagara Falls is so beautiful, especially since it seems to be so popular as a place of romance and proposals.\nHave you ever been?\nI haven't really been here, but I really want to and I've done tons of research on it just because I want to go so badly.\nWhat have you found out about it that makes it so interesting to you?
Have you had much experience with twins.\nI know several twins, which are two offspring produced from the same pregnancy.\nYes, any idea how commmon they are?
Snoop Dogg is an old school rapper with his career starting almost 30 years ago.\nYeah, he's been around a while. I wonder how many hits he's had??\nHe has sold over 23 million albums.\nYeah, that's a lot of albums. How many of them went gold or platinum? \nHis album the Doggfather went double platinum in 1997\nWow! That's pretty exciting!! Did he have any #1 Selling Singles from that album?
Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?  Have you ever been to Niagara Falls?  That's the name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United States\nI didn't know it was three different ones. No I haven't ever been  there.\nThere's lots to see there, besides the falls.  There's observation towers, high-rise hotels, souvenir shops, casinos and theatres.  I love the casino!\nSounds like fun. It's a national park around it isn't it. 
I really enjoy chili peppers in my meals because it proves the kick I like.\nOh dude, I love hot and spicy food. Sign me up! What was the last spicy stuff you ate?\nI had thai cuisine with extra chilis on my chicken it was so delicious.\nHmm, I've never had much Thai food. It seems a bit too exotic, but actually, I don't have any idea what it's like. What is it like?
hello how are you?\nhey, im great!  I was just thinking and reading about my hair color which is brown and saw that it is the second most common hair color after black hair\ni have brown hair too. i think it is underrated
I'm looking for a new recipe and want to experiment with gouda cheese.  Do you have any ideas?\nIt's such a mild Dutch cheese, that it goes well with lots of things. You can even just melt it on toast!\nSo it's mild.  That's great to know. What else can you tell me about gouda?\nIt's very old, going all the way back to the Middle Ages. The first recorded mention of it is from 1184.\n1184?  That's amazing.  I had no idea about the history of gouda.  I've wanted to cook with it for a while now, but it's expensive.
Do you know what Chronic fatigue syndrome is?
Hi, I love some fresh pasta, do you ever eat it?\nI don't think I've had fresh. Pasta is typically a noodle made from an unleavened dough of a kind of durum wheat flour that is mixed with eggs or water and formed into various shapes or sheets.\nPasta
Ferrari makes really great looking cars.\nYes, and they are powerful.  In 2014, Ferrari was rated the most powerful car.\nThat's something I never knew. I would love to own one some day.\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO was the most expensive car ever sold.  It was sold privately in 2012.\nI'm sure I'll never be able to afford such a car but I can definitely dream about it.\nThe first Ferrari was built in 1940. I would like to see a picture of that one.\nSame. I'm curious to see if it looks anything like the current models whatsoever.
hello\nHi, I'm a baker! I make bread and other products that are cooked in an oven.\ni which bakery\nA bakery in New York City. Baking is an ancient activity as grains have been a staple food for thousands of years.\noh good i feel proud of your work
Wine tasting always seemed so pretentious to me.
I really love the color red! It is so vibrant!\nYes it is, it's actually my favorite color! Different shades of red are super interesting when mixed. Crimson, for example, SUPER pretty.\nCrimson is an awesome color. I also like burgundy!
Do you like water sports? Their are several commonly played sports that involve water. \nI do. I am a certified scuba diver. I love swimming as well. Do you do scuba diving?
I have CFS, is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptoms \nI'm sorry to hear that! Is there any treatment for CFS?\nNot really it can be troublesome .  fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest,\nThat doesn't sound like much fun! What causes CFS?
My sister is a baker. She bakes mostly cakes and pies and other pastries.\nA baker is someone who bakes \nYes, like my sister. Haha! What else do you know about baking?\nIt has to do with breads and other products made using an oven \nDefinitely. My sister can make some of the best pastries in the area!
Wine tasting is when you examine and evaluate different types of wine with your delicate senses. Ever been?\nYes my personal favorite wines to try are white wines.\nThere are in modern times actually professional wine tasters and they use a consantantly ever evolving specialized type of terminology use to desribe the wine an its characaristics like flavors aromas and charactistics.\nDo you have a personal favorite aroma of your own?\nI do not because ive only recently turned old enough to drink LOL. So while ive had some im not much of a drinker unless someone else around me is. But interesting fact the aromas of wine are actually morediverse than the flavors available!\nIt really is crazy how many small subtle flavors they can squeeze into the liquid.\nYeah agreed. I love scents. But interestingly white wine can be more than just white clearish, it can be straw yellow, yellow-green, or yellow-gold.\nI never had realized there are no many different variations the same type of wine.  It seems to be their own art.
Hey there.  What kind of baked foods do you like?\nI enjoy baking bread. It is the most common baked item.\nWhat type of bread do you bake?\nI like baking garlic bread and then also combining it with grilling to produce a hybrid variant by using one method after the other.\nWow that sounds delicous, I would love to try it. You are making me hungry right now.
I love pasta, I could eat just pasta for the rest of my life and be completely ok with it.\nI love pasta as well especially fresh made pasta.\nCan you tell me more about the history of this amazing food?\nI'm no expert I just know in culinary we did a week on Italian cuisine which was reference in 1154. \nWhats your favorite kind of pasta?
I just dyed my hair blonde this afternoon. Do you like blondes?
Do you know anything about the car brand Ferrari?\nFerrari's are an expensive Italian sport car. They are awesome!!\nOh fancy, how long has the brand been around?
There are so many outdoor sports that involve water.\nYes I enjoy water skiing myself. It is hard to learn but once you get the hang of it it is very fun.\nI love water skiing also, but it has been a long time since I have skied. There are dozens of sports that include water.\nAnother great water sport is marco polo. My kids love to play it every time they go swimming.\nThat is such a fun game. Water skiing has over 900 competitions every year and 11 million skiers.\nYeah I have seen some of the tricks they do. It's crazy how good they are with the flips.\nYes, it requires a lot of upper body strength and balance. You must have strong muscles also.\nI bet. Those guys and girls are ripped. It's a pretty physically demanding sport.
Have you had much experience with twins.
Good afternoon how are you today?
Red and orange are great colors\nYes, I like too. Bur blue is the best I think.\nColor theory has some interesting thoughts on color mixing in visual effects.\nI dont really know about color theory but it looks very interesting.\nThe idea has been known as far back as Leonardo daVinci in the 15th Century.\nI am sure you are some kind of artist. Or maybe photograher.\nI visited Florence in Tuscany to see the birthplace of Renaissance painting.\nI have been in Florence too but many year ago. Really a great place to visit.
Are ou familiar with Ferrari? The sport car from Italy.\nI know a bit about it, why don't you tell me some more about it though?\nFerrari was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. Their first car was finished in 1940.\nInteresting, I didn't know it was so old. Can you tell me anything else?
i have brown hair\nMe too. Its the second most common human hair colour.\nWhat is responsible for human hair coloring and brown hair in particular \nIts the higher level of a dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin\nHmm That is amazing to hear. What type of hair color do you have yourself?\nI have brown as I have stated earlier. Brown varies from light brown to an almost black colour. Actually black hair is the most common colour in the world.\nI love black hair on people as well. But i prefer mine to be brown. So i am perfect the way i am
I like the color red. Its at the end of the visible light spectrum.\nRed is a great color.  \nAlso red has a dominant wavelength measured at approximately 625-740 nanometres. \nInteresting.  Rubies are pretty too.
I love red! I mean think of all the beauty that is red -- a classic lip color, roses, valentines, sports cars....
I like jazz.\nThats great!  Jazz is a music genre that originated in the african-american communities\nWhen did it originate?\nJazz originated in the late 19th century \nAre there different sub genres of Jazz?
Hi, I really enjoy baking. My favorite things to bake are cookies, brownies and cake. How about you?\nI am not a baker but wish I could make the most common baked item that I believe is bread.\nI've never baked bread,but would like to try. That would be a very useful skill. \nI wouldn't imagine it is too difficult since bread is prepared from a dough of flour and water.  \nYou're right. I enjoy the sweet treats best though. I like the way they make my kitchen smell and watching others enjoy them. \nI bet your kitchen smells wonderful!  You could certainly call yourself a baker since you prepare all the yummy baked goods!\nOh yes, very much so. There isn't a day that goes by when I don't have something mixing or baking in the oven. 
topic is good\nWhat is the topic?\nthis topic\nWhat is the topic? What do we have to talk about?\ntopic map\nI really try to understand you, but i can`t. Do you wanna talk about maps ?\noriginaly topic maps\nDo you like old maps? Like to see how the world looked before ?
I really love the color red! It is so vibrant!\nYes it is, it's actually my favorite color! Different shades of red are super interesting when mixed. Crimson, for example, SUPER pretty.\nCrimson is an awesome color. I also like burgundy!\nBurgundy isn't bad, little too brownish for me but I respect it. Red is usually the color of pills that are stimulants.\nOh I had no idea. I did know that red cars are more popular so they tend to be higher priced!
I love the color red, its so unique! (Unlike the other colors)\nWhat about red makes you love it over others? \nIt's just so strong, its so impulsive! It's all, "HEY! I'M RED, YOU SEE THIS?"\nAh I see, that's very true. Why do you feel red is such a strong color overall? \nIt's probably because blood is red, so when people see it, they're like "STUFFS GOING DOWN" and just the color in general. \nI agree with you on that. It also is the color of warning signs such as stop signs. \nI never even thought of that, very true. It's also the most dominant wavelength.\nAh! it's been a while since looking over the color spectrum but that's great to know. 
hello, i think my favorite color is red\nIt is beautiful. It's color range goes from yellow-tinged scarlet to bluish-red scarlet. It can also range from pale red pink to burgundy.\na lot of range for the color red, i like the very basic red
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, \nDo I need to do a lot of strenuous exercise to be physically fit?\nPhysical fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise coupled with sufficient rest\nI like to walk my dog and bowl. Will that make me fit?
I like to color my hair to cover gray, do you color your hair?
I am pretty toned from exercise, how about you?\nNot really. I did a lot of strength training back in high school a couple years ago and other exercises.\nMy husband and I have a total gym, and love toning exercises\nI've seen that infomercial on tv for years now.\nIt is a wonderful machine for physical fitness without strain on your back and muscles\nI find my physical fitness needs more proper nutrition and rest. I love Taco Bell too much.\nI think you just have to find the right kind of physical fitness plan for you, everyone is different\nYou're probably right. The fitness culture is also so daunting. I feel nervous being around those people.\nThat is why we have our own system, we dont want to be the gym types
Do you like Snoop Dogg the American rapper?\nYeah, he's pretty awesome! I seen him in concert one. How about you?\nNo but I have been listening to him since 1993 when he was discovered by Dr Dre\nI haven't listen to Dr Dre much. Do you have a favorite song?\nI love the album "The Chronic". I like every song.\nCool, I never heard that one. Do you know how old snoop dog is?
i think Manta rays are really neat\nToo bad you have to go real far south to ever get a good look at 'em\nYeah but some are kept in zoos\nThat's true, I wonder if the Bronx Zoo in New York has any of them? Would'nt mind make a trip in that case\ni dont have any idea. \nWell, it's a pretty big one and it's got an Aquarium, so even if it doesn't have any Manta Ray's, at least I'm bound to see something cool \nyeah im sure they have other animals you might like there\nHave you ever seen a Ray in person? I hear diving with them at night is a real spectacle.\nI have when i was out in the gulf
Am in love with jazz\nJazz is great because as its spread around the world, its drawn on many regional musical cultures and birthed different music styles. \nWhat more do you know about jazz? \nIt's considered America's classical music, but I feel like there are many classical musicians in the present day that may resent that.\nDo know any cecelebrity   that play jazz\nI can't recall anyone specific, but women in general have their own genre of music that discuss women's issues and feminism. \nDo you know the name of any jazz music?
Chronic fatigue syndrom is diagnosed based on a person's symptoms.\nDo you have chronic fatigue syndrome? What are the symptoms? Sometimes I feel like I might have it.\nNo I don't have it, but different agencies and scientific bodies produced different definitions\nSo what kind of things are they saying defines chronic fatigue syndrome?\nThere is a variety of conditions rather than a single disease \nSuch as? I am sleepy all the time despite sleeping more than 8 hours a day. SOmetimes I feel like too much sleep makes me tired too.\nScientist say that the fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest, and is not due to a previous medical condition. \nHow can you treat it? Coffe??
Hi! I love baking. Do you bake? Do you know much about the history of baking? \nI used to do quite a bit of baking, but I ended up eating too many of my goods!\nI got more into baking after watching the Great British Bake Off. I loved seeing the different challenges and guessing who would be eliminated. \nI never got into competitive cooking shows. There is too much put on the judges. I want to taste them myself.
I love baking, it's so fun!\nyea bakers are great at cooking food like pastries and bread products\nYes, some of the most delicious foods on the planet!\nyep its cool when bakers own their own bakery\nTrue, everything is fresh and tastes much better
I love Snoop Dogg, he's my favorite rapper. His real name is actually Calvin Cordozar Broadus, much easier to say Snoop Dogg though.\nI can't say I listen to his music at all, but I still respect him as an artist.\nI think that's a fair and respectable attitude to have. You certainly can't deny his success, having sold over 35 million albums worldwide after all.\nI don't think that number even accounts for all of the collaborations he's done with other artists.\nI'm sure you're right about that, he's definitely worked with a lot of other artists. I like his second album called Tha Doggfather a lot.\nI can't recall any of the songs of of that album.  I know my sister had his first album, which was odd because she was only nine when it came out.\nThat's weird I guess, but music knows no age. I like the album because he worked on it after he was cleared of a murder charge, so I think it has some deep feelings in it.\nWho wouldn't have deep feelings about that?  Whenever he's on TV with Martha Stewart, it's easy to forget that the only one who's a felon on screen is her.
Harley-Davidson is a wonderful American motorcycle brand, started in 1903.\nMy dad drives a harley are they expensive?\nYes, usually. They are one of the major survivors of the Great Depression\nO wow I had no idea they dated back till then.\nYes, they've been around a while. They also license and market under their own brand different apparel.\nHave they ever sold anything besides bikes?\nI think so, and there is also a museum that commemorates their worldwide achievements\nDo you know where it is located?
I've grown up listening to Gospel music.
good afternoon  i have purple hair, yes purple\nLove it!  I assume you dye your hair with hair color as opposed to brush in color that washes out?  \ni use dye, it lasts longer\nYeah, it would be a pain to put color in every day.  Sounds fun!  I love seeing colors like that in people's hair and I even love the gray styles that are so fashionable these days.  Me, I need to dye my gray hairs I'm getting and I'm too young to be getting them!\n:) i do like the gray style look but I like to have some color
I have got a new job! You know anything about conductors?\nHmm you must be pretty brave to take a job without knowing the job description. As a conductor you will be a train crew member responsible for operational and safety duties that do not involve actual operation of the train.\nWell, my uncle got me the job. He did not tell me any of this! I am supposed to start tomorrow so was trying to find out info on it. What else do you know, deciding to be nervous or not...
twins are such an interesting subject!what can you tell me about them\nWell, they are two offspring produced by the same pregancy - kinda like a 2 for 1 sale!\nyeah! what type of twins are there?\nWell, you can have identical which means the egg splits, or you can have fraternal where there are two separate eggs.  \nohh interesting. what else can you tell me about twins?
I think Red is my favorite color. When I was a kid it was blue.\nThat's interesting. Red pigment use goes back quite a bit - it's one of the first colors found in prehistoric art.\nI wonder if they used blood back them for red?
hey my favorite colors red \nI like red also, but I think my favorite color would be aqua or teal.\nI sometimes like purple to because its unique since its made from red and blue \nI love how the colors all blend to make new colors, it's very interesting.
I love Snoop Dogg, do you know much about him?\nYes, I know Snoop. His real name is Calvin Broadus, Jr. He was born in 1971 and is a rapper, singer, and songwriter.\nI didn't know that was his real name haha, sounds interesting. Do you ever listen to his music?
Hey! I'm really into rock and roll music. \nMe too! My favourite is The Beach Boys\nOh, what do you like about them the most? 
Amazingly, by 2014 Ferrari was chosen as the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance.\nWho founded the company?\nEnzo Ferrari founded it in 1939 from a race division known as "Auto Avio Construzioni."\nDoes the Ferrari family still run the company?
I used to really like Anthony Michael Hall, who starred in several teen films in the 80s\nHis name sounds very familiar, but I can't place him. Can you name some of the movies he's been in?\nSure Sixteen Candles and National Lampoons Vacation\nSixteen Candles was a great movie! I remember watching that when I was younger and loving it.
I swam with Manta rays once.  The are a large ray that belong to the genus Manta\nThat sounds amazing! Where did you do that and what was it like?\nIt was on a vacation in Hawaii at the Garden Eel COve\nYou are so lucky to experience that. What are manta rays like - I've never seen one?\nThe are really cool.  They have large mouths, horn fins and triangle shaped pectoral fins\nWoah, sound a bit scary. But in a good way. Are they fierce creatures?
My hair is black. What color is your hair?\nI have black hair, too! It's probably because it's the most common of all human hair colors across the entire globe. We're just a part of larger populations that have this dominant trait!\nIf you could change your hair color, what would it be?\nI probably wouldn't. I'm happy with black hair. Although, hair coloring is definitely on the rise, as 75% of women and 18% of men in Copenhagen, for example, have reported dying their hair, if that gives you any indication.\nI might dye my hair later in life, as my black hair is beginning to grey out. Would you?\nI'm not so sure. But I understand if you would want to, in order to stand out. Especially if you lived in Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America, Southern Europe, or Africa, no matter what your ethnolinguistic affiliation, you most likely have black hair as it's overwhelmingly common. \nWhile I do have black hair, most people around here in my area of the United States seem to have brown hair instead.
My favorite color is red! I think it is bright and cheerful. Do you know anything about the color red?\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat's really cool. What do they say about how the color red makes you feel?
I am planning a trip to San Diego Comic Con, have you been?\nYes I love CC, San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nWhat is your favorite thing about comic con?\nProbably all the exclusives.  The name, as given on its website, is Comic-Con International: San Diego; but it is commonly known simply as Comic-Con \nI am going to see the walking dead characters\nThat will be fun  It is a four-day event (ThursdaySunday)\nFour days is long enough to see it all!
Right now I have bright purple hair!\nNice! Did you change your hair color by dyeing it?\nYes, I had it professionally done.\nI know that you can do it at home independently. Have you tried that before?\nI have done that in the past but I didn't want to mess it up.\nThat makes sense. Did you have a specific reason for dyeing your hair? I know people do it to cover gray or white hair. or to just make their hair more fashionable.\nI was tired of the same old blonde.
I was thinking about purchasing a new vehicle and saw a nice red one I liked. Do you like red?\nYes I do, mostly because of the history behind the color. The red pigment was actually one of the first colors in prehistoric art.\nI remember reading that before, and it was quite a precious dye many years ago.\nAbsolutely, the history extends even to the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans, who colored their faces red during ceremonies!\nIt's amazing how the color can have so many different meanings, depending on the context.
Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nI love the color red!\nReds range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson, and vary in shade from pink to burgundy.\nI wonder how they obtain red dye.\nIn the Renaissance, red costumes for the wealthy were dyed with kermes and cochineal.\nI wonder what other meanings red takes on.
My favorite color is red! I think it is bright and cheerful. Do you know anything about the color red?\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat's really cool. What do they say about how the color red makes you feel?\nIt is a primary color in the RGB color model and the CMYK color model, and is the complementary \nThat sounds neat. What else do you know about the color red?\nReds range from the brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson,\nIs red a really popular color?
hello, i like spicy food .\nI do too especially chili peppers. They're widely used in many different types of food to add spiciness.\nis chili pepper a specific pepper or is it a general term for all peppers
A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads, do you know any bakers?\nYes i do. I am actually a baker. I love to bake cakes all the time\nSince you are a baker you must work at a bakery! What a coincidence!\nYes it is. Do you bake at all?\nI don't really but since grains have been a staple food of humanity for millennia it is a very old activity, I should really learn.\nyes, you should. it is very easy and fullfilling. alot of people are intimidated by it, but its easy\nYeah I'm not really intimidated, I've just never gotten around to it. Some large households in Rome normally had their own bakers. What is your favorite thing to bake?\nIt would be a toss up between cheesecakes and my Garlic and herb biscuits.
I weigh 300 pounds and I think it might be having a negative effect on my health.\nThat's not good to hear! Have you tried changing your diet and/or exercising more regularly?
I love the music from the eighties, do you?
manta rays are very big, i was swam with them have you ?\nI did swim with them once, when I was about 7. Are there many kinds of manta rays?\nyes there are different types such as the reef mata ray and black manta ray\ncool. do you know how big they can get?
Childcare is actualy considered a skill and it covers a broad topic of prof., institutions, activities and conventions.\nI can see that being a skill. You have to know a lot of different topics.\nYes, child care providers are our childrens first teacher, if you think about it..besides us as the paremts.\nI agree. Plus you have to be so careful about who your child care provider will be. It's not cheap either.
I love baking, I am thinking about taking baking lessons from a baker.\nIm am baker, A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads\nYeah really? What is you favorite thing to bake or what is your best seller?\nI think wheat bread and I work at a local bakery\nInteresting, I figured it would have been something sweet like a pie or a cake. \nNope, and baking is goint to be around forever,  Since grains have been a staple food for millennia\nWhat other kinds of flour do you use there besides wheat flour?\nCookies and cakes, By the fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed ovens heated by wood fires\nOh wow I had never thought about when people had started making bread. That's really not that long ago if you think about it. 
When you're realllllyyyyy hungry you seriously can't beat pasta.  I love spaghetti and meatballs, and linguine, and lasagna.  Do you like pasta and have you ever tried to make it?\nIt is my absolute favorite, but no I've never tried to make the noodles.\nI recently discovered how delicious Bolognese sauce is with pasta too.  Its a meat-based sauce and if you can get an original Italian recipe it's amazing!\nMy mother in law is Italian.  She makes some amazing dishes.
I love Snoop Dogg, do you know much about him?\nYes, I know Snoop. His real name is Calvin Broadus, Jr. He was born in 1971 and is a rapper, singer, and songwriter.\nI didn't know that was his real name haha, sounds interesting. Do you ever listen to his music?\nI did when I was younger. Snoop was discovered by Dr. Dre in 1992 and was featured on Dre's "Deep Cover" and "The Chronic" albums.\nYeah Drre helped him out a lot. I like his song Gin and Juice, do you know it?\nYeah, I do. Dre's real name is Andre Young. He was born in 1965 and is a rapper and record producer.\nYeah Dre's one of the biggest names in the game. Do you listen to rap a lot or just when you were younger?
My entire family and I pretty much all have brown hair. I don't know how strong of a gene it is but I'm happy I have it!
Hi :) My favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?
Hi, I love pasta. Do you?\nAbsolutely! Pasta is a staple of Italian cuisine and one of my very favorite foods.\nYes its so easy to make! Do you eat pasta with meatballs? 
Hello. I have chronic fatigue syndrome, which means I'm always low on energy.\nSorry to hear that. Its also known as also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). How sever is yours and do you suffer from long-term fatigue?\nThankfully mine is not too severe, but I do suffer from long-term fatigue. Unfortunately there is no cure.\nIs yours biological or genetic? I guess not a lot is understood about it.\nMine is genetic.
Do you believe that there will ever be an alien invasion?
My favorite color is red.\nRed is at the end of the spectrum of light, its with orange and opposite of violet.\nI didn't know that. What else do you know about red?\nIt's actually a primary color for the RGB and CMYK color model.\nI learned about primary colors in school when I was little.\nWell, the reason that Mars is red is because of the iron oxide on it. That's pretty cool!\nI wish we could travel to Mars.\nMe too! Actually, red pigment is one of the first colors that was used way back in prehistoric times.\nI guess they got red pigment from the dirt or something.
I bake cakes when I am sad or stressed out.\nThe most common baked item is bread. Do you bake other things besides cakes?\nI like to bake cupcakes sometimes.
Have you ever wrapped your thighs around a Harley-Davidson American motorcycle?\nnope tell me about it\nIt will change your life. Any company that can make it through periods of poor economic health and product quality, as well as intense global competition know how to make a product that will rock your socks off.\ncool so it was made in hard times
I have a high body weight, and am considered obese. I really struggle with finding motivation to exercise.\nHi buddy, Most of the people are generally considered obese when their BMI\nI agree, do you any ideas that might help me with motivation?\nSure friend,Obesity caused due to genes, medications. Due to what you became fat.\nMedications? Do you know of any medications I should avoid taking?\nYes buddy, Please do some changes in food diet and exercising is a main treatment\nOk, thank you for the information! The only thing I know about "genes" is that mine don't fit anymore!
Red is one of my favorite colors. Its at the end of the visible spectrum.\nIt's never been one I've gravitated towards. But I'm open to learning more about all colors. What can you tell me about it to get me interested?\nIt was often used by roman generals to celebrate victory. Do you have a favorite color?\nForest green, I think. That.. sounds kind of cool, that it was a symbolism for victory. To have such a strong association with a color, especially back then because winning was so important. Are there any more fun facts?
I love 80s popular music.  The era had all the jams!\nYeah I wish I grew up during the 80s great hair, women were stylish, music was a banger.\nYeah that hair.  Euro disco and dance pop were so popular at this time.\nWhat other kind of cool tidbits do you know about the 80s?\nSpeaking of hair...Glam metal took the cake.  Rocking on whammy bars and wearing eyeliner were the thing. \nEyeliner is super cool, honestly I wish I could just go around teh city looking like robert smith from the Cure.\nYou would be in good company with KISS and Alice Cooper too.\nWell maybe I can still dress up for Halloween at least! 
Niagara Falls has over six million cubic feet of water going over the falls every minute!! That's insane.\nI have never been to upstate New York, but I would like to.
I really like to listen the gospel music, how about you?\nSince it is a genre of Christian music I'm not a huge fan myself.\nOhh, but you should listen at least once.\nI have listened to it, but the whole appeal of music geared towards both aesthetic and religion doesn't really appeal to me.\nI am myself not a christian, but yes I listen to all kinds of music, listen to 'Aretha Franklin Precious Lord, Part 1', I bet you'll like it
Do you dye your hair - or change the color in any way?\nNot at all, but I see a lot of people that do especially on my college campus.
I love the look of a Ferrari!  Are you into them?\nYes, they are a top notch Italian sports car manufacturer located in Maranello. \nMaranello?  Is that the city in Italy?\nYes, it's a town located in northern Italy.\nWhen was Ferrari created and was it always a supercar?\nThe company was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939, and has always built race cars, as it is out of Alfa Romeo's race division.\nI did not know the two were related!  Is it still owned by the Ferrari family?
A Target just opened up by me. It's the second-largest discount store. \nYou're so lucky!  We had Target in Canada briefly before they pulled out!  Do you like shopping there?\nYeah it's great and was originally founded in Minnesota in 1902 \nWow, it's been around for a long time!  How many stores do they have now in the U.S.?
I love to exercise. How often is recommended?\nIt is recommended to get 150 minutes of moderate exercise a week or 75 minutes of intense exercise. \nWhat kind of exercises are good?
I'm not Italian but I could eat pasta every day.\nYes It is my favourite too and have lot of varities. It famous after world war II\nThose who want to avoid gluten can eat pastas made from rice flour, but I prefer wheat.\nYes and have lot of varites. Tomato pasta is my favourite.\nYes I like Neapolitan sauce as well, compared to alfredo sauces.\nYes I also like this . It is tomato sauces derived from Italian cuisine\nI'm not as big a fan of Latin American cuisine, because I don't like maize-based dishes.\nWhy buddy it taste also nice only. I like tacos and various salsa
I love jazz music but I don't know much about it .Call you tell me more?\nJazz is a musical genre\nI know it is,more descriptive pls
I just love baking for other people! I like making breads and cakes.\nI really enjoy baking too, although i only know how to make cookies\nCookies are fun to make too! When you bake cookies, heat is gradually transferred from the surface to the center.\nDo you happen to know how far does baking go?\nBaking goes way back. Historically, baking is performed by women at home, and by men in bakeries.\nI really like going to the bakery in the morning when everything is freshmade
I love the taste of pasta mixed with tomato sauce and shredded cheese all over it\nI just love mines with chunky tomatoes mixed with meatballs and mushrooms.\nOlive Garden is the place that makes the best pastas. I try to visit the place as much I can with my friends\nI love Olive Garden especially the original one in Orlando they opened in 1982.\nI think Italians have special genes that makes them so adept at preparing pastas\nI believe so as well I would love to visit Argentina that is where Italian-born people reside great pasta I bet.\nI don't know how they do it, but no matter how hard I try to prepare one at home, mine ends up with some peculiar taste\nThe taste is so full of an abundance of taste it just can't be copied lol. \nThen, I think I would be spending my money out in these Italian restaurants for much years to come, just for pastas
I plan on going to San Diego Comic-Con next year.\nVery cool!  Comic Con is an entertainment and comic convention held every year in San Diego, Ca.\nDo you know how long the event lasts?\nIt is a 4 day long event from Thursday to Sunday.\nWow, i'm going to have to pack a lot of outfits then. Who founded the event?\nInitially it was called the Golden State Comic Book Convention when founded by Richard Alf, Shel Dorf, Ken Krueger, and Mike Towry.\nWhat are some of the things that you can see showcased at the event?
Hello, my favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?
Pasta is one of the staple foods of Italy. Originally created in 1154 in Sicily.\nWhat is pasta made of?
Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nI love the color red!
Have you heard of Yamaha? They started as a piano manufacturer in 1887!\nI have heard of it. The make a lot of different things now right?\nYes, after WW2 the president repurposed their wartime production machine to make motorcycles\nI know they make four wheelers and jetskis too.\nYes! Yamaha is the largest manufacturer of musical instruments but they also make audio/visual, home appliances, and sporting goods\nI used to have a yamaha keyboard.\nThey company's musical origins are so influential to the company that their logo is three interlocking tuning forks\nI will have to pay attention to that next time I see it. I don't think I've noticed that.
Do you follow San-Diego Comic Con?
My all time favorite 80's band is Ah-Ha, with my favorite song being "Take On Me". What is your opinion of 80's music?
hello,  i have brown hair\nBrown hair is awesome!  Interestingly, the strands of brown hair are thicker than those of fair colored hair.\ni never knew that , i figured it all hair is the same except the color of it
I have a high body weight, and am considered obese. I really struggle with finding motivation to exercise.\nHi buddy, Most of the people are generally considered obese when their BMI\nI agree, do you any ideas that might help me with motivation?\nSure friend,Obesity caused due to genes, medications. Due to what you became fat.\nMedications? Do you know of any medications I should avoid taking?
I would love to drive a Ferrari\nsame here i love the ferrari.  Recently i found out the Ferrari is an italian sports car?\nI actually didnt know that I wonder when the 1st one was made
What is your favorite number?\n7 is a cool number but i like 17 myself.\n7 is my favorite.  It's a powerful number. What do you like about 17?\nI like that it isnt common and its my birthday day of the month, its a cool number.\n17 still has 7 in it so I like it too.  Do you have another favorite?\nBesides the number 17? I like 8 too.\n8 is good, it's a round number.  I like 5 too.\nI like the numebr 8 since it can be any number if adjusted on a calculator\nHmmm, that's interesting, I am not sure what you mean.
I drive a Ferrari. They're pretty nice, you ever drive one?\nPssh...Bro I have two of those Italian sports car's. \nReally? Man, I've jealous. I had to save up for years to buy mine. What model do you have?\nI have two 250 GTO's a 1962 and a 2008. I was looking at a 2018 but you know it's time I get something faster. \nHello yeah. Always looking for bigger and better. I am eyeing the newer 2018 models as well. Do you know how old the company is?\nIt was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. They built their first car in 1940.\nWow, I had no idea they were so old! Do you like classic cars? \nOnly if they are fast. Fiat actually owns 90% of Ferrari. \nReally? Fiats look a little interesting but I kind of like them. Have you ever driven one?
The Italians know how to make an amazing sports car, I love Ferrari's\nWow I didn't know we made those cars. lol
Do you dye your hair - or change the color in any way?\nNot at all, but I see a lot of people that do especially on my college campus.\nThe main reasons are cosmetic - to cover gray or to change to a more fashionable color - or even to correct bleaching by the sun\nMost of the ones that I have seen are the girls that really like to dye their hair blue or red.\nAt home coloring has reached 1.9 billion and is expected to rise in the US\nReally? That is a huge number of people!
i love baking ,i bake cakes for my family every weekends\nThat's awesome! Do you bake bread too?\nyes i usually bake also bread once in a while
I love going to the bakery and seeing the baker cook stuff. Do you know any cool stuff about bakers? \nGrains have been a staple food for millennia, baking is a very old one! \nThats neat, I bet that baking has a very long heritage, Did people in the stone age know how to bake food? 
Baking, or the method of cooking baked goods, is so much fun.\nyea it really is.\nBaking can involve hot ashes or even hot stones.\nOh yea? what else?\nBaking can also involve just a normal oven.\nOh wow i like cooking and baking using anything.
I enjoy jazz music. My love for jazz started way back in middle school when I played trombone in my school's Jazz Band.\nCool was it a big band or a smaller one like a trio or quartet?\nIt was a decent sized band, approximately 25 students. We traveled all around the state performing at competitions. Do you enjoy jazz?
Hi, I am terribly afraid of clowns since I was a child, do you know the comic performers?\nYes, i'm not scared personally but they just annoy me so much hahaha, is there any history behind clowns?
Do you like Ferrari cars?\nYeah, I like a lot of sports cars and Ferraris are some of my favorites. They built their first car in 1940, so they're relatively old.\nWhat country does the Ferrari come from?\nThey're an Italian sports car manufacturer! Anything else you wanna know?\nAre they named after a guy named Ferrari?
I love the carolines on broadway!
I really enjoy the color red. It can denote passion and love. What is your favorite color?\nmine is red too it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat is true. I really enjoy the color green, as well. It seems like such a friendly color most of the time
Hello! I've been really getting into playing Jazz recently. It really helps me relax.\nI love jazz music.\nThat's awesome! I'm a trumpet player. It makes sense that it's so relaxing, its considered by a lot of people to be America's classical music.\noh yea thats cool.
I like jazz. Do you?\nI do like jazz.  I do not get to hear a lot of it but I enjoy it,\nIt originated in New Orleans in the 19th century, but it's been a staple since. I listen to it in the car while going to work\nThat is nice - I have mainly only heard it in clubs or restaurants.\nJazz is mainly associated with classical music, but it can also mix into other genres a bit.\nWhat other genres is it part of?
Do you love exercise?I do it to keep fit.Its called physical fitness.\nI do not love to exercise at all.  I know I should, and I feel better when I do, but I don't like it!
I used to have quite the problem with overeating, as I used to be pretty chubby myself. Have you had that issue?\nFortunately I've been able to avoid that problem. I know it can be a big issue during the holidays, as many people tend to overeat during those times.\nThat's true, since there are so many gigantic meals during that time and people don't care as much.\nIt can also happen during festivals because people have built up so much anticipation to the event, and we even encourage overeating sometimes, for instance Thanksgiving.\nWe certainly do encourage overeating in some cases, but it seems to be very rare and it seems like weight loss stuff is really popular around that time too.\nWell I think the market for weight loss programs goes up during that time because they know people will be feeling bad about overeating probably, there's even 12-step programs for overeaters like Overeaters Anonymous.\nI would bet that you're right about that. People get very self conscious around the holidays because of all the food.
I enjoy jazz music. My African-American friend introduced it to me.\nOh wow, I have not really listened to it much, don't they play a lot of saxophones in jazz\nYeah, and its a major form of musical expression\nI see, it would be a good way to let off steam and play some jazz music! How long has it been around now?
Jazz is considered "America's Classical Music"\nI don't know much about jazz, but I do like music.  Do you like any other types of music?\nThere are many forms of techno now, but Detroit was its origination.\nI'm afraid you've touched upon another genre of music I'm not very familiar with.  Do you know anything about classic rock?\nIn the US, classic rock is generally consider from the 1960s to the late 1980s\nWho (or which group) is considered the first classic rock star?
I kind of want to get more into making pasta, so I want to learn about pasta in general to get a handle on it. What can you tell me about it?\nWell pasta is a staple of itallian cuisine with it's first reference in Siciliy in 1154\nHoly cow.. so it's been around for a while, huh? What are some more prominent pasta dishes?\nWell different pasta dishes use different kinds of pasta and cooking styles as well as sauces. \nSure, that makes sense. Can you tell me anything specific or unique about pasta in general or pasta dishes?
manta rays are very big, i was swam with them have you ?\nI did swim with them once, when I was about 7. Are there many kinds of manta rays?\nyes there are different types such as the reef mata ray and black manta ray\ncool. do you know how big they can get?\nim not fully sure but i know they can grow to a very large size the oceanic ray is the biggest\ninteresting. where do they live?
So I currently have 4 gray hairs. When I get 10 I'm dying my hair as black as night. Have you colored your hair?\nI used to do it at home (not professionally) but I'm going to stop and let the grey hair take over. Grey hair is pretty trendy now. \nI'm gonna pass on the Gray's. I blame them on my wife. 
I love Ferraris, and Italian sports cars in general.\nWell, I can certainly see why. And now the most important question of all: what color do you prefer?\nI like red because it's scientifically proven to have a very slight stimulant effect.\nWhy yes it is! And great choice. Do you like to attend or watch F1 races as a Ferrari supporter?\nYes, my favorite is Kimi Rikknen, one of the fastest racers today.\nI have to admit, I'm not familiar! Though I live in the one US city where F1 races are held -- Circuit of the Americas here in Austin.\nCool! It has only been there since 2012 and has moved around a lot. I wonder why?\nI'm not sure....fan base? The ability to economically sustain it? I do know loads of people travel to attend in October.
I must admit I have gotten into baking recently.  The most common item baked is bread, but I have been branching out a little.\nWhere have you recently branched to? I want to learn how to bake too\nWell I have gotten a lot of ideas from the Great British Bake off, which is a cooking show where bakers compete against each other\nTell me more about the cooking show at be that could help me\nThe contestants go through three challenges for baking and each episode some are eliminated\nSo do they bake bread only or are there any other stuff they do?\nThey bake everything.  It started airing in 2010 and has become very popular\nSo what price does the winer get ?
I like the color red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light. \nYes red is a nice color! Red is one of the colors in RGB color model!\nWhoa! Interesting! I've heard that it has a wavelength of approximately 625-740 nanometers.\nNeat! It is interesting how the sky turns partly red at sunset.\nI've heard it has something to do with some sort of Rayleigh scattering. I wonder what causes the red color of the Grand Canyon. \nWow! I don't know, but the Grand Canyon is magnificent! Red is also a great color for clothing. I like red ties.\nBack in the Renaissance days, the red costumes were dyed with kermes and cochineal.\nInteresting! I wonder why? Red has interesting associations under different cultures.
My favorite number is 7\n7 was developed from an uppercase V lookalike.\nThat's interesting. I like it because I also like the band avenged sevenfold
hello, what do you think about people with brown hair?\nI love brown hair, I was born with brown hair.\nMe too, Brown hair is most common after black hair\nWow, I would have thought blonde hair was most common. \nMe too, Its strands are actualle thicker than those of fair hair except those that have red hair\nI wish that I had never dyed my hair blonde it damaged it terribly.
I like jazz music. It is a genre that originated from New Orleans by the African Americans\nOh, Mee too like jazz music. can you share more about that\nMany people see Jazz music as classic music. \nIts a traditional music
Physical fitness is one of the most important aspects of my life what about you?
hi..i like jazz very much.jazz is originated from African american communities\nIndeed it did.  In the late 19th and early 20th Century.  It developed from blues as well.\noh i think so.the american and African communities involves a lot.\nInterestingly enough many see Jazz as "American Classical Music" since it originated here.  Since the 20's it's been recognized as such.\nyes.there are several types of jazz music ,like cid Jazz ,, Avant-Garde Jazz. Big Band. Blue Note \nI love how Jazz is characterized by those swing and blue notes and all of the improvisation.  It truly stands apart from other genres.\ndefinitely,the harmony of the music is very attractive.the melody also unpredictable.\nYep and the roots from West African musical expression are also evident.  Some may also be surprised that European Military band music was also an influence.\nthe jazz music is compared with Mississippi .there are several rivers feed up to Mississippi .like this jazz also combined by various music
I have a personal vendetta against all stingrays and manta rays for what they did to my boy Steve Irwin.\nYeah I was deep sea fishing and it took almost 30 minutes for me to reel one in because they are so strong.\nOh that's so cool! Were you fishing in tropical waters? I wouldn't even know where to go to fish for them.\nWell you have to think they are built to be strong underwater. So when you fish them they are literal battles to reel them in.\nI can see that, yeah, they're huge. Aren't they a protected species though? At least in international waters?\nWell this was just off the Texas coast and it was fresh water. I dont think they were protected the boat captain made it seem like they were more of a problem than anything.
jazz music genre originated in the african -american communities of new orleans\nI love jazz and going to jazz festivals do you?\ni do enjoy jazz festival and jazz is seen as americas classical music\nYes one of the pioneers was Louis Armstrong I believe he is from New orleans
My hair is brown, how about yours?\nBrown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair, my hair is also brown but on the lighter side. some parts of my hair change to blonde in the summer.\nMy hair is changing to blonde as I get older. But its kind of a greyish blonde :(. \nNothing wrong with gray hair! It's distinguising. Brown hair can vary from light brown to almost black hair\nMine is closer to the darker side I believe.\nBrown hair is actually thicker than that of lighter hair but not as think as red hair.\nMaybe why thats why my hair has always been so thick.
I just love pasta - do you?\nI love pasta! and overall all italian cuisine, you know typical food from italy\nI just love all the different toppings you can put on it - and you can get so creative with them also\nWell, Italy, with around 61 million inhabitants and being the fourth mos populous EU member state they sure have a lot o chefs and a lot of diferent recipies!\nwow - I didn't realize that many lived there.\nYes i was there in 2013 and being there i was able to try fresh pasta! the one that we usually weat its dried pasta those are the two categories they have\nDoes fresh pasta taste a lot different?
I love doing exercise
I used to have quite the problem with overeating, as I used to be pretty chubby myself. Have you had that issue?
Were you aware that a baker is someone who bakes and sells bread and related products?\nI did know that yes! Do you know a lot about bakers?\nYes, baking is very old because grains have been used for millenia.\nThats cool, What else do you know about baking?\nWell using yeast is only a recent thing.\nHow recent?
Isn't it crazy that fitness used to refer to your ability to not get tired while doing normal activities?\nWow! I had no idea. Do you know when the current day meaning of fitness originated?\nI think that it was in the 1950's, after World War II.\nNeat! There has been a huge increase in fitness program popularity in the pst couple decades.\nYes there has.  Likely due to the correlation of fitness with attractiveness.\nYes! That correlation has been around my entire life. It seems like a natural happening.\nI think that it's so desirable now because people attribute positive personality traits with attractive people.\nInteresting. It would be neat to explore the different preferences of a person living in the 1700s or the 1800s.
JAzz is such pretty music, isn't it?\nYes, it is and intellectuals around the world say it is "one of America's original art forms".\nOh, that's a beautiful sentiment, where did it originate?\nIt originated in the African-Amercian communities of New Orleans during the late 19th and early 20th centuries\nInteresting, what a cool origin, is it still going strong today
7 is my favourite lucky number!\nReally, well you will find it cool that various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nReally? What other cultures have history with the letter?\nWell, the western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character more rectilinear.\nCool! I always wondered why the letter looked the way it did!\nWell this is analogous to the horizontal stroke through the middle that is sometimes used in handwriting in the Western world but which is almost never used in computer fonts.\nInteresting!
I think Yamaha products are pretty cool! What do you think about them?
Sometimes i wish i was Superman, the DC Comic book superhero.\nI am actually more of a Marvel Comic book fan.  \nSometimes when i daydream, i wish i was Shazam, the Marvel comic book superhero.\nWhat about those superheros interest you?\nIf i was a superhero, I would be able to fight SAVAK, the Iranian intelligence agency once run by Hossein Fardoust.\nInteresting choice. If I was a superhero, I would like to be the Flash. What superhero movies have you watched?
I love the number 7.  What do you think about that?\nYeah its a good number.  Comes after 6 and before 8 lol.  What do you like about it? Has it been lucky for you?\nIt has been lucky for me and I like that it is used in slot machines.\nOh yes I get you now.  7 is a lucky number with slots and various casio gambling machines with the reels.  Have you ever had a big win?\nI guess it depends on how you define a big win.  I think 7 is lucky certain cultures.  Do you know if that's true?\nI am not sure.  Though I know it has some history.  The original hindus wrote it was a singular stroke then modern arabs changed the form to the distinctive shape it is today.\nAlso isn't it used in like the seven wonders of the world and things like that?
Have you ever swam with a manta ray? I saw some while snorkeling once.\nHave you ever been in the water with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nYes I have been in the water with rays before. They are majestic creatures.\nWhere were you in the water when you encountered the ray? I know they are found in temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.\nI was in Cozumel Mexico. We were on a snorkeling trip and say a school of eagle rays. They move so smooth and gracefully through the water.
i didn't know jazz was a genre that originated in new orleans\nWow me either. I guess that's why everyone says New Orleans has such a rich culture.\nthat probably contributes to why its the largest US port and metropolitian area in louisiana\nThat's really interesting. Although I don't think New Orleans has much competition with other ports in Louisiana.
I don't like brown hair\nI love woman with brown hair. Brown hair is the 2nd most common hair color with black being the most common.\nBrown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair. It varies from light brown to almost black hair.\nThe levels and color phases of brown range from light brown to almost black.\nTrue. Some people dye their hair to brown. I don't like the dyed ones\nStrands of hairs are usually thicker than those of fair hair but not as much as those with red hair.\nThat is true. Which color of hair do you prefer?
My sister is a baker. She bakes mostly cakes and pies and other pastries.
Obesity is a cause for worry ,what do you think? weight of 300 pounds\nIt absolutely is a cause for concern.  Usually from food intake and lack of activity.\nYeah ,too much food intake.Some refer to it as junks.\nPeople really should make better choices with their food.  They should also look at their portion sizes\nDon't you think it may not be only food related? How about hereditary factors?
Do you listen to jazz music? It originated in the African American communities, but is enjoyed by many cultures.\nI heard that it was a cross  of african american and european american styles.  How long has jazz been around?\nSince the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It's been around for a long time.\nWhen i go to New Orleans, they have bands roaming the streets.  Is that Jazz and why do they play jazz there, besides it being old fashioned?\nIt is because that is actually where jazz originated, in the black communities of New Orleans. \nOK. isn't Jazz related to the 1800's slang term Jasm, meaning pep or energy?
I really like the color red, but it's getting old in my kitchen now.\nRed is interesting, it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light, it's next to orange and opposite to violet.\nIt seems to be a very powerful color, but it's not very calming.  I think we are changing the kitchen to gray.\nYes it isn't calming, but there is many shades of red. From yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to builsh-red s=crimson, it can vary from red pink to dark burgundy too. Grey seems alike a much more calming choice.\nYes but it's probably going to be hard to cover the red on our walls - possibly need a primer\nThis can be true, res id pretty intense, I used to have a one wall in the bedroom painted a salmon color, it's kind of pinkish tone.\nI've loved it for many years now, it's just time for a change.
I am so scared of clowns. What can you tell me about them?\nWell, they're just comic performers who use slapstick comedy. Not really much to be afraid of to be honest.\nMaybe it is the movie It that caused my fears.\nThere are various traditions in costume and performance for clowns. I guess you're talking about the Stephen King movie, It?\nThat is correct. Pennywise looks so creepy. I know it's just a movie but I'm afraid there is a real killer clown.\nWell, yeah there actually were a bunch of clown sightings in 2016, but I think it was just people messing around.\nI hope so. I would get nightmares if I saw one like Pennywise.\nWell just think that they try to entertain large audiences, and not try to kill people in most cases.\nThanks for your reassurances. I will try to get over my irrational fears. But you said "most cases".
I have a very tone body and I am in a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.\nWow!  What exercises did you do to get the toned body?\nI do mainly Strength training. It specialize in the  use of resistance to induce muscular contraction which builds the strength, anaerobic endurance, and size of skeletal muscles.\nThat's smart!  Do you have to do any extensive cardio exercises to keep up the toned body?\nNo I focus mainly on Weight training  which is the most common type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles.\nI didn't even know our skeletal structure even had muscles to begin with.  I usually thought of them as separate.
I love going to the bakery and seeing the baker cook stuff. Do you know any cool stuff about bakers? 
Niagara Falls are beautiful this time of year. Have you ever been?
Do you do any water sports, such as kayaking or canoeing?\nI love to canoe! What about you?\nI canoe too! Have you heard of canoe camping? It's a multiple day canoe trip, where you camp at the end of the day.\nNo! We've always just called that a canoe trip.\nNice! It's mostly practiced in North America.\nWhat else can you tell me about canoes and canoe camping?
i like to go wine tasting. i feel its a great way to meet like minded people. How about you??\nI love wine, but I haven't gone wine tasting in a while. Tell me about your latest experience. \ni found the last wine tasting to be quite sensory enhancing. \nNice. Well, enjoying wine definitely involves several senses - sight, taste, smell. \nthats very true, i find the aroma of wine to be much more diverse that its flavour\nWhat is your favorite varietal?
I really do love me some pasta, Ive been wanting to learn more about it though, Do you cook pasta?\nOh yes! I do! It's one of my favorite foods! Pasta is a staple of traditional Italian cuisine with roots dating back to 1154.\nWow its that old!? I never knew, What are some popular pasta dishes I should try?  
I have a personal vendetta against all stingrays and manta rays for what they did to my boy Steve Irwin.\nYeah I was deep sea fishing and it took almost 30 minutes for me to reel one in because they are so strong.\nOh that's so cool! Were you fishing in tropical waters? I wouldn't even know where to go to fish for them.\nWell you have to think they are built to be strong underwater. So when you fish them they are literal battles to reel them in.
Dog biscuit is a snack  that is used as a supplement for dogs\nI give my dogs biscuit sometimes. How healthy are dog treats though? 
I really enjoy the color red. It can denote passion and love. What is your favorite color?\nmine is red too it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nThat is true. I really enjoy the color green, as well. It seems like such a friendly color most of the time\nSpeaking of the color red, it is iron oxide that gives the red color to the planet Mars\nI did not know that. I hope that Earth does not end up like Mars
Forza Motorsport! I love Ferraris, the italian sports car and Motorsports!!!\nNice! I don't know much about them, but I do know they're fast luxury cars.\nI play Forza motorsport on my Xbox\nI heard that was a really fun game. Tell me more about it?\nThere are 2 games.  The original Forza, and Forza Horizon which is an open world game made by playground sports.\nHow long ago were the games made?
When I am stressed, I overeat. Last night I ate a whole pizza by mself!\nI'm sorry! Sounds like you might struggle with overeating. Basically meaning that you eat an excess of food in relation to what you need.\nRight! Are there any good ways to combat this weakness?\nYes! They actually have a few types of therapy that can help like group therapy, cognitive behavioural therapy, and individual therapy.\nThat sounds like what I need! I also think it would be great if there were some natural remedies.
Hi, I love pasta. Do you?\nAbsolutely! Pasta is a staple of Italian cuisine and one of my very favorite foods.\nYes its so easy to make! Do you eat pasta with meatballs? \nMmm, spaghetti with meatballs is excellent. And it's been said that immigrants in New York actually came up with it!\nYes! So delicious! I didn't know that, is pasta very popular in the U.S?\nDefinitely. Although it began in Italy, pasta has had a tremendous influence on American cuisine.\nYes lots of Italian dishes have influenced U.S. culture. Pizza is another one I think.
I love to make fresh pasta by hand, it's quick and cheap and delicious!\nThat's creative indeed. Whats a pasts if I may ask?
Obesity is a cause for worry ,what do you think? weight of 300 pounds\nIt absolutely is a cause for concern.  Usually from food intake and lack of activity.\nYeah ,too much food intake.Some refer to it as junks.
I really like to listen the gospel music, how about you?\nSince it is a genre of Christian music I'm not a huge fan myself.\nOhh, but you should listen at least once.
Physical fitness is one of the most important aspects of my life what about you?\nI also value physical fitness.\ni often do physical activities on a regular basis to keep me fit, do you often do physical activities?
I love alien invasion movies. Arrival was one of my favorites from several years ago. Its very typical of alien invasion stories of aliens coming to earth to either invade or observe.\nArrival ? When was the movie produced?
My favorite color is red, I love it and try to get everything in red!\nI like red too! It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nDoes it mean something about people that have red as their favorite color?\nMaybe you have something in common with the the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans who use to paint their bodies and faces red for ceremonies! \nI haven't heard that.  Is red the most common color for people to like?
Do you like Jazz Music. I'm getting into it as I get older. \nI like it a lot since it's really relaxing to listen to. You can definitely tell that it came from the African-American communities in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in America.\nYes, I listen to it at night while I cook dinner. It helps me wind down from a stressful day. 
I am afraid of Manta ray while swimming in warm, tropical waters.\nI got to swim with manta rays once. It was a great experience. Where can I usually find Manta Rays in the world?\nThey are mostly found in warm temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.\nThe ones I saw were very big. About how large can they grow?\nThey can be larger like the "M.birostris" or smaller like "M.alfredi".  Weren;t you scared of them?\nA little, but once I got used to them I was fine. I didn't get to feed them though. What kind of food do they eat?\nIt seems that they are filter feeders and eat large quantity of zoopankton.\nAre manta rays endangered?
I love pasta, the staple Italian cuisine. Do you enjoy it?\nHmm, to say that I love pasta would be something of an understatement, let's say. What's your favorite noodle style?\nI have to say I love gnocchi. I make it myself by hand just as it was traditionally done. Sometimes people use machines, or buy commercially produced stuff. But I keep it traditional.  \nOoh I like that! Stick some nice spicy arrabbiata sauce with it, ahhhh! Have you ever had bucatini before?
I just love baking, I love to bake item like bread and pastries but I make lots of other types of foods as well. \nme too! I love baking and cooking in general. baking and decorating cakes is my favorite\nMe too, I just love to form it into cool shapes and top it with sweet icing for dessert. \ni even used fondant. it doesn't taste good but the cake looks so beautiful
I'm an old fashioned girl - I love rock and roll, especially 60s rock music.\nWhat's your favorite music group/singer from that era?\nI quite like Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, but I really love the Rolling Stones' music.\ngosh, I didn't realize the Rolling Stones were from the 60's. I was thinking they were 70's! I wish we had old fashioned diners around still. I've always thought that era looked like such a fun time.\nUnbelievable, isn't it?! The formed in London in 1962. I like old fashioned diners, too.\nWere you born in the 60's? I was born in the 70's, so the 80's and 90's are more familiar eras for me. 
Red is such a versatile color, it's on one of end of the spectrum alongside orange.\nI LIKE THE COLOR RED\nSo do I, especially how it has a dominant wavelength of about 625-740 nanometers.\nTHAT IS SO TRUE MY SON THINKS I AM NUTS I BOTH ALOT OF STUFF THAT IS RE\nThat makes sense, its a primary color which is one reason that he is so popular.\nTHAT IS WHAT I SAY
I love the music from the eighties, do you?\nI was born in the 90s but I always hear family say 80s music was the most popular and trends.\nI liked KC & the sunshine band and the Gap band in the eighties\nWhat genre of music is that is that disco musical style?\nYes the eighties were all about disco music and club music\nIt seems like my generation is more into hip hop music also known as rap.\nThe eighties had what were called big hair bands, like poison, good looking guys with big hair
One time I died my hair blonde because I was tired of being a brunette. Have you ever changed your hair color?\nYes i have i like to died  my hair brown sometimes and maybe a little blond
I love jazz. I listen to it whilst working and studying.\nMany people see Jazz music as "Americas classical music."\nI can see why, so many popular Jazz musicians are from old US.\nWell it has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 1920s\nDo you know any jazz bands that you could recommend?
I love to bake! Especially when it's for my family or close friends. Do you like to bake?
7 is my favorite number it means so much to me\nIn the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke\nHow are they written on stroke?\nIt was a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nOK to me 7 has a biblical connection. God rested on the 7th day
Everyday i buy my dog because because it is hard and dry\nYou buy your dog? What do you buy your dog?
Jazz doesn't make any sense to me.  Is there any order to it at all?\nI love Jazz music but didn't get it at first.  Its so nice to listen to with its combo of swing and blue notes. Its very versatile.\nI don't even know what blues music is, what is that?\nIts a genre of music that was started by African Americans in the Deep South. You should really check it out but its not for everyone.  Jazz is a bit more easy listening.\nJazz just sounds like a lot of noise to me which makes me think it is some sort of modern statement or something.  Is it a newer style of music?\nIts not too old but the Jazz Age was in the 1920's. That's when it really started to be seen as a big form of musical expression.  I would start with some smooth Jazz to get used to it. Its easy listening.\nKenny G is the only jazz artist I really know.  Is Kenny G smooth jazz?\nHis music does have some Jazz elements and is definitely easy listening but he's really just a saxophonist more than anything else. But the saxophone is definitely part of Jazz!  So see, you like a form of Jazz. You are just missing the blues.\nI didn't say I like Kenny G.  Listening to Kenny G makes my ears bleed and my brain go numb.
My favorite kind of music is rock and roll. I like classic and modern rock. What about you?\ni like Rock and roll because it developed from the music of gospel and blues in the 1940's and 1950's.\nYeah, I think Elvis had a lot to do with the invention of rock. Can you tell me about him?\nDo you mean  Elvis Aaron Presley, the American singer and actor?\nThat's the one. I think his nickname was the king of rock 'n roll.\nI had just heard of him being "The King".  There probably would not have been a Sun Records if not for Elvis and Sam Phillips.\nHe was revolutionary for his time. Many older people thought he was straight from the devil.\nI would love to hear one of his 2 Sun Record recordings that did not survive.  There could have been a hit we never heard!!\nYeah, some people still think he is alive. Who knows, I guess it's possible.
I really like to listen the gospel music, how about you?\nSince it is a genre of Christian music I'm not a huge fan myself.\nOhh, but you should listen at least once.\nI have listened to it, but the whole appeal of music geared towards both aesthetic and religion doesn't really appeal to me.\nI am myself not a christian, but yes I listen to all kinds of music, listen to 'Aretha Franklin Precious Lord, Part 1', I bet you'll like it\nI might have to try that and see if it changes my mind. One thing that is interesting is that it is as old as the early 17th century!\nyes, I that's what I think. I like the vintage kind of feel I get, when I listen to Gospel\nI can see that. Churches rely often on clapping and stomping for the rhythm in gospel music.\nHave you ever been to church. I went there just to listen the music. It feels great!
Do you like to bake things?\nYes I quite enjoy it. Bread is the one thing that is baked most often.\nI have always wanted to make my own bread, is it hard?
I like to bake in my spare time. Do you?\nYes i love it! Cooking with dry heat in an oven is awesome. What type of things do you like to make?\nI have a huge sweet tooth so lots of baked goods (cakes, cookies, etc.) I also like cooking different things like stews and broths\nI love to make baked bread. It's probably the most common thing people like to make. A classic for sure! You ever eat fresh baked bread?\nYup! I actually used to have one of those bread makers too lol. I haven't eaten as much bread as I used to though. It messes with my diet\nIt takes some practice to make. Because the heat slowly is transferred from the outside to the inside, it's hard to tell if they are cooked all the way through sometimes.\nTrue. It's the same way with a lot of baked goods as well in that respect \nThroughout history baking has been kind of a social role for women, but I'm a guy and love to bake. Oddly enough though it's usually men who bake commercially. Strange isn't it?\nBaking is a genderless passion. Anyone who enjoys it should be able to do so. But, it's always been the 'cooking and cleaning' social role that makes everyone associate it with only women. There aren't only women chefs though :=)
My favorite color is Red.\nOh, neat! What shade of red is your favorite? Red can be scarlet, crimson, or even pink in shade.\nI would have to say that my favorite shade has to be Crimson. 
Red is the colour I love.What's your type of color?\nI like blue. Why do you like red?
My younger daughter hair once had blue hair! She loved it!\nI also enjoy the practice of changing my hair color. Currently my hair is red and gray and the rest of my body hair purple. \nYour hair stylist must have taken a lot of time to accomplish all those colors!
If I hit the lotto I think I will go buy me an Italian sports car I'm thinking a Ferrari. \nYes! Haha what a great thought! Ferraris are neat, when were they invented?\nThey have been around for years they was first founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. \nAmazing! They have become a popular brand since then. Are the cars popular around the world?
I wish my hair were nice and brown like my youngest daughter, but I have dirty blond instead.\nAfter black hair, the most common is brown\nI wish I was that lucky.  What else can you tell me about brown hair - like do brunettes really have all the fun?\nThe colour can be  light brown to almost black hair.\nSo there are a lot of shades of brown then?  Perhaps I will dye mine.
Target is one of my favorite stores. It's way better than Walmart.
It's hard for me to handle stress sometimes. I find comfort in eating a lot but I know it's not good for me.
Here's a thought I just had while showering: the original showers were actually waterfalls!\nOh why do you you think that?
Hair coloring is the practice of changing your hair color\nDo you work in a salon for a living?\nYes i do currently .  Another fact is that salons have been around since the early 1940s \nDo you know why they choose to call them Salons versus another name?
My husbands favorite color is red.  do you like that color?\nYes . I like the ranges of red also. Scarlet has some yellow in it and I like the paler reds and the burgundy's also\nScarlet and grey is Ohio State colors which is why my husband loves red so much!
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it's so interesting and relaxing.\nI love Jazz. I'm also a fan of blues and ragtime.\nMe too! So how did jazz music come about?
Do you like Pasta? I used to eat it every day about as a kid, so now I am a bit tired of it
I am a retired computer programmer. I enjoyed my life as a person who creates computer software.\nThat sounds interesting, what kind of software did you create?\nI create all sort of software as long as long it is an executable code consisting of machine language instructions\nThat sounds complicated. How long did it take you to learn to do that?\nIt depends on how fast you can learn the languages such as  COBOL, C, C++, C#, Java, Lisp, Python, etc\nWhich is your favorite to create? Do you have a preference?
Are you into any super heroes? My favorite is Superman! \nAmong superhero action figures my favorite is Batman. I admire him for his personality and righteousness\nI just have a thing for Superman's outfit. I know that sounds weird but he's totally hot.
I have light brown hair, and have often fought against it. I would love either lighter or brown so brown it's almost black!\nDo you want to go for hair dye?\nHighlights, maybe. But as far as *changing* my color by dyeing it -- I haven't been tempted yet! But it's nice to know there are options!\nYes since you don't feel comfortable with the color of your hair, dyeing can be an option\nIt's not that I don't feel comfortable -- I just sometimes want to do something *different*. It's super common, obviously, in the Western world -- but variety can be fun.\nYes variety can be fun really, sometimes you just feel like doing something different\nI mean, as a brunette I have thicker hair than blondes typically do -- but not as much as redheads. Speaking of...red could be fun! Is there a color you like?\nI like black color with a such of golden
Amazingly, by 2014 Ferrari was chosen as the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance.\nWho founded the company?\nEnzo Ferrari founded it in 1939 from a race division known as "Auto Avio Construzioni."\nDoes the Ferrari family still run the company?\nOh no, by 1969 Flat S.p.A. took a 50% stake of Ferrari and in 1988 it went up to 90%.\nWhat is the most popular model of Ferrari?\nThe Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history in 2012.\nHow much did the 250 GTO cost?
I know the San Diego Comic-Con is coming up soon! I would love to attend this event! Have you ever been?\nNo, but it does  sound   kind of fun. It waas founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970\nI had no idea it had been around that long! Can you tell me more about the convention?\nI believe that some San Diengans named Shel Dorf, richard Alf, Ken Krueger and Mike Towry started it\nWere they somehow affiliated with the comic industry?
I own a Ferrari, do you know anything about them?\nYes! Ferrari is a company based in Maranello, Italy\nI see, who founded Ferrari?
I like the number 7, which comes between 6 and 8.\nWhats so special about it?\nNothing really. The Hindus used to write their 7's like an uppercase J, vertically inverted.\nThe only time I like the number seven is when i'm shooting dice.\nInterestingly, the Arabs developed the character from a 6 lookalike into an uppercase V lookalike.\nHow has the shape of the number 7 character changed over time?
I swam with manta ray. Manta rays are known to be a  large rays belonging to genus "Manta"\ni caught a manta ray when i was deep sea fishing one time\nThat must be spectacular, perhaps you caught a reef .) is a species of ray in the family Mobulidae, one of the largest rays in the world.\nno it took about 40 minutes to fish him into the boat. i released him but he put up the biggest fight eve\nUhmnnn!The larger species, "M. birostris", reaches in width while the smaller.\nwhat, i dont understand?
i'd like to know about 7 from you\nOkay. The number 7 is after the number 6 and before the number 8.\nanything else?\nEarly in time, the number 7 was written more in one stroke as a curve.\ndoes it have the same signifance in every language?\nI'm not very sure about that. However the number was developed from a 6 lookalike by eastern Arabs.\nWhat else can you tell me about 7
Do you like Ferrari cars?\nYeah, I like a lot of sports cars and Ferraris are some of my favorites. They built their first car in 1940, so they're relatively old.\nWhat country does the Ferrari come from?
Red is an awesome color.
I like to play games on PlayStation. The original console shipped 100 million units.  History made.\nI enjoy the Playstation too, what kind of games do you play?\nI like sports game.  My favorite game is Madden.\nOh I don't play sports games, I like Lego Harry Potter!
Are you familiar with Gospel or Christian music?\nI am. I enjoy both Gospel and Christian music. 
I work as a clown as part of comic performers for my festival.\nreally? How fun! How long have you been doing that?\nI have been doing it as an entertainment style for 15 years now. \nthat's awesome! So do you use a specific make up and clothes?\nYes I do, modern clowns like me are strongly encouraged to use fancy clothes and make up to become more colorful.\nhonestly, i'm a little bit scared of clowns. i think it's because of the movie IT by Stephen King
There are a few really good dramas on Showtime Networks, which is a part of CBS.  Do you watch Showtime at all?\nYes I do I really like Shameless
So if you don't own a harley what do you own?\nI dont have a motor cycle, but I do love them especially a Harley Davidson the American Made cycle\nYeah they are crazy awesome! I love to watch a whole bunch of them ride at once\ninteresting to know they are 1 of 2 motorcycle manufactures that survived the Great Depression\nwow I did not know that. What is the other one?\nThere was a company called Indian, I was not familiar with that brand, I would assume they are not around anymore\nI am somewhat familiar with it and I do not believe they are around any longer. To see any of their bikes these days are rare\nHarley Davidson was actually originally founded in 1903\nWow I did not realize that. Thats a long time. I wonder how many bikes they have made since then
So if you don't own a harley what do you own?\nI dont have a motor cycle, but I do love them especially a Harley Davidson the American Made cycle\nYeah they are crazy awesome! I love to watch a whole bunch of them ride at once\ninteresting to know they are 1 of 2 motorcycle manufactures that survived the Great Depression\nwow I did not know that. What is the other one?
I am so scared of clowns. What can you tell me about them?\nWell, they're just comic performers who use slapstick comedy. Not really much to be afraid of to be honest.\nMaybe it is the movie It that caused my fears.\nThere are various traditions in costume and performance for clowns. I guess you're talking about the Stephen King movie, It?\nThat is correct. Pennywise looks so creepy. I know it's just a movie but I'm afraid there is a real killer clown.\nWell, yeah there actually were a bunch of clown sightings in 2016, but I think it was just people messing around.\nI hope so. I would get nightmares if I saw one like Pennywise.
Hi there, I haven't drunk alcohol for 5 years and going strong\nWow congratulations on your sobriety!  That is an awesome accomplishment.  My dad got sober when I was a child.
good afternoon  i have purple hair, yes purple
I enjoy jazz music. My love for jazz started way back in middle school when I played trombone in my school's Jazz Band.\nCool was it a big band or a smaller one like a trio or quartet?\nIt was a decent sized band, approximately 25 students. We traveled all around the state performing at competitions. Do you enjoy jazz?\nYeah I like the improvisational nature it has. Many jazz musicians are seriously talented.\nNo kidding. My wife and I recently took a trip to the Mississippi Delta area, and the amount of jazz history in the area is astounding. We stayed in Natchez, Mississippi.\nCool, did you see any artifacts from the Natchez people? They were indigenous people that had complex chiefdom systems.\nWe didn't have time to explore that particular aspect of the area. We mainly focused on touring the numerous antebellum mansions in the area. Seriously, if you are interested in pre-civil war Southern architecture then you would love to visit the area.\nYeah that would be interesting. However if you're in the area again one cool thing to see would be the Grand Village of the Natchez, a prehistoric village.\nThanks for the tip! That definitely sounds like an interesting place to visit.
I'd love to know more about sobriety and how I can be sober\nWell, sobriety is the condition of not having any effects from alcohol. I know I don't relish the times when I'm sober, haha\nWhat does it take to be in this state?\nAbsolutely nothing, sobriety is considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth. Do you drink often?\nYes I take a beer that contains 6% and it knocks me off every time i take it
Have you had much experience with twins.\nI know several twins, which are two offspring produced from the same pregnancy.\nYes, any idea how commmon they are?\nIt just depends on the area and genetics. Twins are either identical or fraternal.\nWhat is a fraternal twin mean?\nFraternal twins are two eggs fertilized by sperm, where identical is only one zygote that splits.\nCool, that's good to know. Any other interesting facts?
I love being physical fit and exercising. I try to keep my body toned.\ni love physical exersise! I love fitness in general. feels good to be fit and healthy\nI agree. It helps you be mentally fit and self confidence and a sense of happiness. I live lifting weights.\nHuman society has placed great value on beauty of human body\nI meant love lifting weights. Although not necessarily fair it's true good looks go a long way.\nit's actually so interesting that some time ago "fitness" was defined as the capasity to carry out the day's activities\nReally interesting. That is cool to know. Carrying out today's activities have a different meaning to me.
I love going on wine tasting tours in the Niagara region\nI've never gone wine tasting before but I know about it.\nIt is a great experience.  Not only do you get buzzed but you learn how to drink wine properly.  It sounds pompous but it really makes a difference.
I swam with manta rays once\nThat would be such an incredible experience.. Where did it happen at?\nKona in Hawaii! Manata Rays are large rays with triangular pectoral fins!\nThat's super cool, I've always wanted to try it. Seeing as you got to do it in Hawaii makes it all the cooler! Manta Rays are very fascinating.  \nYea it was a one of a time experience! Mantas are found in warm temperate waters as well as tropical\nI would love to be able to experience it myself someday.. Mantas are going extinct  aren't they?
Pasta is one of the staple foods of Italy. Originally created in 1154 in Sicily.\nWhat is pasta made of?\nPasta is typically made from unleaved dough of a darum wheat flour mixed with water or eggs.\nSo who created it then,do you know?\nIt was developed through centuries but it changed significantly with the discovery of the new world.\nOk ,so what recipes do i need for making pasta?\nFresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand or with the aid of a pasta maker. But nowdadys you can just buy it at your supermarket\nSo then how do i make it then, do i bake,fry,grill ,roast or boil it ,just willing to learn?
Do you know much about the San Diego Comic-Con - or Comic Con in general?\nI know that its a is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention, do you like visiting comic-cons?\nI've never been - but I think my kids and husband would like to go to one.
There are a few really good dramas on Showtime Networks, which is a part of CBS.  Do you watch Showtime at all?\nYes I do I really like Shameless\nYes I like Shameless.  William Macy is hilarious!  I also like Homeland, Billions and The Affair.  You watch any of those?\nI was interested in the affair but I am more into HBO at the moment. He is a great actor!
Have you ever changed the color of your hair?\nNo, that is something i have never done and i don't know much about it.\nThe main reason it's done is to cover grey or to change the color for fashion or to restore the original color after the sun.\nThen i could definitely use a color change.  Can i change my color to any color, or are there a few choices?\nIt can be done at home if you only want to go a few shades darker or lighter, but anything more you really need a hairdresser.\ni would also need a toupee maker.  Can't i just use peroxide at home and burn my hair till it is blond?
Rock and roll is my favorite music !\nI'm not to big on rock and roll especially not heavy metal but I like when it is mixed in blues records and country records.\nIs there anything else that you could tell me about rock and roll?
I don't like brown hair
I'm an old fashioned girl - I love rock and roll, especially 60s rock music.\nWhat's your favorite music group/singer from that era?
I love alien invasion movies. Arrival was one of my favorites from several years ago. Its very typical of alien invasion stories of aliens coming to earth to either invade or observe.\nArrival ? When was the movie produced?\nIt was made in 2016. Its different from other alien invasion films where aliens come just to enslave or destroy humans,\nOK ,who was the producer of the movie?\nIt was produced by several production companies. It deals alot with current affairs and the threats we face from other countries.\nCan you name some of the actors or the movie?
I want to learn more about jazz music\nI don't know much about jazz music. Apparently jazz originated in New Orleans in the 19th and 20th centuries.\nmmm, interesting. it's roots can be traced back to africa and europe \nYes, I see that two specific people in Belgium spearheaded the beginning of jazz as well. It sounds like jazz was started in plenty of places. Is jazz still a strong genre today?\nI beliebe it is. There are plenty of jazz festivals, jazz concerts, and jazz radio stations quite popular today\nThat's amazing, I wonder where it will go in the future. There's a movement called free jazz to attempt to return jazz to it's improv roots. \nyes, i read once that free jazz emerged in the 1950's\nAnd Jazz fusion emerged in the 1960s with a combination of other genres. I don't think people appreciate jazz being so different as it has evolved and they'd like to take it back to the roots.\nwell im sure there is a different style of jazz for different audiences, just like other genres of music that have alternative styles while still being the same music 
I believe physical fitness is not just body but health as well\nI agree. It helps with a lot of things. I think it helps with confidence in oneself too.
I like Ferrari. It is an Italian sport car\nthose are really beautiful. i prefer Lamborghini though \nOK, Ferrari was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939\nWow, long time ago! Do you know any other fun facts about ferrarri
Chronic fatigue sounds rough, it brings long term fatigue and limits a person to carry out daily things.\nThat sound miserable.  What causes chronic fatigue?
You like jazz? It's a great genre of music.\nyea its great\nAgreed! Jazz came from African-American communities.\noh yea its very big amongst them with the blue and stuff
san diego comic con became this huge thing that's held annually\nWhat exactly is it for?\nso it focuses on multiple genres of entertainment, like movies and tv\nIs it all movies and TV or just certain genres?\nit's all movies and it's a four day event that goes from thursday to sunday\nHow is it setup and what can you do there?
I love the Italian car maker called Ferrari. They make some of the most iconic supercars in the world! What car brands do you like?\nI like to watch races . I know the Ferrari is a race car and is in the Formula One races. But no one in particular.
Snoop Dogg better know as Cordozar Brodus,Jr was one of the best American rappers.\nHe is a gift to the world of Hip Hop\nHe started in the 90's and was discovered by Dr Dre\nYes, I don't see him sing much these days, is he retired?
I just dyed my hair burgandy, kind of regretting it
I love Snoop Dogg, are you a fan of his music?\nSnoop has made a better living off of smoking Marijuana than Cheech and Chong ever did.  They don't get the respect they deserve, they were far ahead of their time.\nHaha, you are definitely right about that. I like his song Gin and Juice, have you heard of it?
I have been sober for four months now and feel great.\nCongratulations! Achieving your goal of not consuming alcohol is not easy, but you did it!\nI just stopped drinking wine.  It was actually a lot easier than I thought it would be.  Still miss it with nice dinners though.
Hey are you considered obese? \nNo, but I know some people that are.  It seems pretty common.\nWell its when you Body mass index (BMI) is at a certain level. I'm glad i'm not there although i am considered overweight. \nYeah, I could stand to lose a few myself.  What else do you know about it?\nThat it has inverse effects on your health like, particularly cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.\nMy husband has sleep apnea, although he is not obese - so I guess it can just make you more prone to some of these things?
Niagara Falls are beautiful this time of year. Have you ever been?\nI have not! My parents have been several times. They enjoy going to the city of Niagra Falls in Ontario, Canada!\nWonderful. Many couples get engaged while visiting the Niagara Falls. It is such a romantic spot!\nThat would make sense, as the smallest of the 3 falls is called Bridal Veil Falls!\nWow, I did not know that was an actual name. I wonder how many proposals have happened there!\nI am not sure. There are several Bridal Veil falls throughout the USA though. I know of one in WA state, and one in Oregon. You can actually go to the Bridal Veil ghost town in Oregon and get your wedding invitations stamped!\nThat is so interesting. Your knowledge is definitely encyclopedic. I would love to visit a real ghost town one day.
I've never been to a Comic-Con, but the San Diego one seems interesting.\nI hear it's the best one.  I'd be interested in going but it is too far away.\nMe too! It began in 1970, making it one of the oldest Comic-Cons.\nThat is the comic-con that Adam Savage from Mythbusters always dresses up in a costume. People there try to figure out which one he is.\nThat's hilarious. I'd loved the television series, "Mythbusters"\nIndeed, it was a good one.  My favorite costume of his was the space suit from 2001 Space Odyssey with a working air pump backpack thing!\nI liked it when they tried to bust famous movie references, like is a martini actually better "shaken, not stirred"\nYes, or the one where they tried to curve a bullet by firing from a moving gun. Comic-Con brings a lot of people with the same interests together to talk about stuff like this.
I'm thinking of buying a Ferrari - I hear that it's a pretty fast car!
We had circus in the area last week.  I am not a fan of the clowns. Are you? \nClowns are very interesting and oftentimes come with different costumes and performances. I enjoy them.\nthe comedy style of clowns , playing the fool, has a long history in many countries. \nThey have a pretty rich history. These comic performers often use slapstick methods for laughs\nI think the fear of clowns is a psychiatric condition that is called coulrophobia. \nThat's an interesting tidbit. The modern clown is closely tied with the circus clown, which grew out of earlier theatrical performances\nYeah, I guess there are different types. The white makeup and big red mouth are what creep me out, plus some horror movies. 
I love gospel music: james Brown sang gospel in the movie "the Blues Brothers", and it was awe inspiring.\nI'm not really into Gospel music. I prefer country music\ngospel is simply a form of the genre of Christian music.  Some people get it, others don't.\nWell i love christian music but not baptist type of music with a lot of yelling. i prefer classical hymns
7 is my favourite lucky number!\nReally, well you will find it cool that various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nReally? What other cultures have history with the letter?\nWell, the western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character more rectilinear.\nCool! I always wondered why the letter looked the way it did!
I enjoy rock and roll music. I recently took a trip to the Rock and Roll hall of fame which was fantastic. Do you like rock music?\nI do! I especially love Classic Rock and the sound of the electric guitars\nYEah, Led Zepplin, The Guess Who- those guys were great. Modern rock is so different. I can't stand Fall Out Boy, for example. \nI agree! Some of the new type of music nowadays I just don't understand. I miss just the classic saxophone or piano in some of the current music.\nIt seems like all music is auto-tuned these days- you would never have heard that in Classic Rock. 
I like Snoop Dogg's music. Specifically drop it like its hot
I really enjoy chili peppers in my meals because it proves the kick I like.\nOh dude, I love hot and spicy food. Sign me up! What was the last spicy stuff you ate?
I love pasta if I could eat it everyday I would the noodles and flour taste just gets me I'm a starchy kind of girl lol.\nI love mac and cheese. Any kinda carb really lol.\nHow about dumplings I love homemade dumplings with chicken, potatoes and fresh vegetables. \nI like them when they are cooked the right way. I don't like them dry. I wish I could make them. \nI totally agree some people like theirs fried I prefer mines in a creamy sauce boiling, simmering and steaming to get all the flavors lol.\nYes that's how I like them also. I've never had them fried.\nI have once at this restaurant they just add banku and kenkey and roll the dough into little balls and deep fry them. \nI've never heard of that, what is it?
Hey there.  What kind of baked foods do you like?\nI enjoy baking bread. It is the most common baked item.\nWhat type of bread do you bake?\nI like baking garlic bread and then also combining it with grilling to produce a hybrid variant by using one method after the other.\nWow that sounds delicous, I would love to try it. You are making me hungry right now.\nIt's best when you use a french baguette and slice it only partially downwards, allowing the condiments to soak in. I am making myself hungry as well.\nI need to head to a bakery tomorrow.  I sadly don't know how to bake that type of bread myself.\nI am sure you can find something very tasty at the bakery. There will be baked goods prepared by a baker.\nWhat other baked goods beside bread do you like? 
I really love comic books. Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con? \nI know it's held annually, but I've never been.  Tell me about it!\nPeople from all over the country, and sometimes other countries, show up and wait in lines for hours to meet famous artists and actors. \nIt's a 4 day even in July in San Diego, so I'd think it's one of the larger comic-cons.\nI've heard that before. I think the only other large one is New York Comic-Con. I hear they have exclusive items to buy there. 
Can you believe that I turn 37 next week, yet I've never had any alcohol before?
Gouda cheese is pretty good, its named after a city in the Netherlands.\ni dont think ive had it. is it yellow ish or white ish like mozzarella?\nMore yellowish. It was actually named that not because it was made in Gouda, but primarily traded there.\nohh where is gouda? is that in italy?\nIt is in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands\noh of course lol! what dishes do you make with gouda cheese?
I am a men and i struggle with my family because i want to have long hair and they dont let me, i have pretty brown hair!
Right now I have purple hair, have you ever dyed your hair?\ni died it blonde once, never again.\nI know you can go from light to dark blonde, which way did you dye it?\nfrom light to even lighter\nDo you have light skin or is your family from Europe?\nyes i am very white, german\nBoth of my parents have relatives in Europe so with those genes I am very fair skinned.\nso you probably have lighter hair? or dark?
Ive been driving a ferrari for 28 years, Some call me the Ferrari expert, anything youd like to know about them? \nWhat's the price range on those bad boys?\nWell if you buy an Italian version it runs about 300K,  Ferraris are manufactured here where I live in Maranello.\nWhere exactly is Maranello?\nMaranello is a little town in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy, about 18 km from Modena, the population here is 17,165 as of 2013.\nOh ok, It sounds really nice. So how many different types of ferraris are there?
Is it true Wine tasting is a delicate art?\nYou could say so, however, results have surfaced that definitely tend to contradict the reliability of wine tasting.  Blind testing has identified many inconsistencies.\nWhat do you mean by reliability?\nWell there used to be a recognized system that people thought was concrete surrounding wine testing.  But recently scientists have been exploring the objective parameters of the human olfactory system.\nHow exactly is wine tasting done?
jazz music is a very interesting sound and interesting genre. what can you tell me about it\nI like jazz too. It originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries\nawesome im from there. i basically invented jazz then. but anyways where is jazz famous like countries?\nIt is popular around the world. As it spread across the globe, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles\nJazz\nIt's been hailed as "one of America's original art forms"\ninteresting. who is a famous jazz artist?
I've never really thought much about childcare or daycare for children under six and up to 13 weeks. I am still young. Yourself?\nI don't know much about childcare. Is it rated somehow so you know you are getting a good one?
One time I died my hair blonde because I was tired of being a brunette. Have you ever changed your hair color?\nYes i have i like to died  my hair brown sometimes and maybe a little blond\nDid you do it yourself, or have it professionally done? \nI had it done by a professional, one time i tried it myself and it looked horrible\nYeah, I don't think I would trust myself doing it at home. I know many people at work who dye their hair wanting to hide grey hairs. \nWhat exactly do professional hair stylist do other than to died hair\nProfessional hair stylist also cut and style hair too. They don't just dye hair. \nWhen has the last time you dyed your hair?
I've always found 7, the number between 6 and 8, to be a lucky number for me. \ni love the number 7 too.\nSometimes in the western world people draw a horizontal stroke through the middle of the 7, but you never see that on a keyboard.\nthats quite cool.\nI guess it helps to distinguish a 7 from a 1, if you have bad handwriting like I do!  \nyea i know what you mean.
I'm looking for a new recipe and want to experiment with gouda cheese.  Do you have any ideas?\nIt's such a mild Dutch cheese, that it goes well with lots of things. You can even just melt it on toast!\nSo it's mild.  That's great to know. What else can you tell me about gouda?\nIt's very old, going all the way back to the Middle Ages. The first recorded mention of it is from 1184.\n1184?  That's amazing.  I had no idea about the history of gouda.  I've wanted to cook with it for a while now, but it's expensive.\nIndeed, the price of Gouda has been disputed a long time. In the Middle Ages, buyers negotiated price with a system called "handjeklap," which involved clapping hands and shouting prices.\nThat is so interesting.  I wish I could negotiate the price at my local grocery store:)
People don't think enough about early child care.  Quaility care at a young age can have a big impact on the child's future success.\nI agree my kids have been in daycare from 2 months and up and once my oldest got age 2 I changed her to a private christian academy education is so important. \nTypically children are taken care of by parents or siblings, but daycare is very popular in the U.S.\nIt became popular because of the fact parents have to go to work the rates are sky high as well. 
Hello
Everyday after work I give my dog a biscuit. She likes them a lot. I think she likes how crunchy they are, as biscuits are hard and dry.\nooook?? well that's nice to know. are dog biscuits good for dogs?\nYes! Some dog biscuit makers say that their products are good for dog's teeth - they help clean them\ninteresting. and...what would happen if a human ate them? ....like, all the time?
7 is my favourite lucky number!\nReally, well you will find it cool that various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J vertically inverted.\nReally? What other cultures have history with the letter?\nWell, the western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character more rectilinear.\nCool! I always wondered why the letter looked the way it did!\nWell this is analogous to the horizontal stroke through the middle that is sometimes used in handwriting in the Western world but which is almost never used in computer fonts.\nInteresting!\nAnother cool point, both modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined at its right to a line going down to the bottom left corner, a line that is slightly curved in some font variants.\nToooo cool! I look at the number in such a different way!
I just dyed my hair burgandy, kind of regretting it\nOh wow!  Did you have it done  professionally by a hairdresser or did you do it yourself at home?\nI did it at home and obviously did not think it through, Burgandy is not a natural hair color so it looks weird\nInterestingly, in 2016 sales for home coloring kits were close to $2.2 billion!  So you're probably not the only one to choose a, shall we say, unfortunate color!\nWell at least I picked a good brand, Loreal, the cheap brands will burn and damage hair
I've got light brown hair, and my wife has naturally slightly darker brown.  I wonder if people tend to pair with people with the same hair color.\nI'm not so sure about that. I have brown hair, but hubby has black hair. \nI guess it's a silly thought, but sometimes I have them :P  Fun fact, your husband has more hair follicles because of their black hair?\nReally? I didn't know that. I guess that explains why his hair is much thicker then mine. \nYeah, it would be that.  It's probably one of his defining characteristics :P\nYes, I have always loved his hair. Even if it is turning grey now. lol
I am afraid of Manta ray while swimming in warm, tropical waters.\nI got to swim with manta rays once. It was a great experience. Where can I usually find Manta Rays in the world?
Have you heard of  chronic fatigue syndrome? Its a condition that has long-term fatigue. \nno please do tell\nWell we don't really know how it is cause, but there are alot of different potential causes like genetics and biology. \nthat's cool any more\nYeah its diagnosed using a person's symptoms like most conditions. \nso there is no cure
Brown hair is a super popular hair color.\nYes it is, so is black. I'm brown myself
Hello. I have chronic fatigue syndrome, which means I'm always low on energy.\nSorry to hear that. Its also known as also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME). How sever is yours and do you suffer from long-term fatigue?\nThankfully mine is not too severe, but I do suffer from long-term fatigue. Unfortunately there is no cure.
Hello \nHello-- that reminds me of that Adele song.\nMy favorite color is red 
I love harley davidson's, so much so i attend their owners clubs. How about you?\nI haven't but there is an owner's club in Toronto it looks like, close by. What do you do at the club? 
Ferrari's the coolest Italian sports cars, wouldn't you agree?\nI heard those cars are the fastest cars in the world
I think Harley-Davidson motorcycles, an American manufacturer, are so cool but they are slightly out of my budget.\nyes i love harleys\nDo you own a Harley as I understand there are many owner clubs and events for owners.\nnot yet I just got an awesome scooter that goes 70 so my  next bike will be a harley\nWhat type scooter do you own? As I understand it, a scooter is a type of motorcycle with a step-through frame.\nyes , a buddy made in the usa\nThat's a good buddy! Are you located in the USA?\nyes, and the buddy is made by genuine
Ive been doing lots of physical fitness lately, It really is challenging but the reward of losing weight is worth it, Do you do any physical fitness?\nI do fitness walking, but that's it.  What physical fitness activities do you do?
I'm thinking of dyeing my hair! I want to try a different hair color.\nYou should! What color did were you thinking?\nI'm not sure! Maybe a medium brown shade. I need to cover my grey hair! \nI like brown hair. It is so pretty!
I love science fiction movies about extraterrestrial and alien invasion\nThey certainly seem interesting though I don't watch them often, do you have a favorite science fiction movie in particular?\n"War of the Worlds" written by H G Wells and starring Tom Cruise is a favorite!\nOh I think I've heard of it, I'm pretty sure it's famous. Around what time did that movie come out?\nNot sure? Another good one is Invasion of the Body Snatchers from 1959\nThat certainly has an interesting title, it must have interesting special effects since it's so old. Do you know what the plot of War of the Worlds is?
pasta is a staple italian food\nPasta is so good, especially with tomato sauce.\npasta is great and has been around since 1154\nWow that's so long! I wonder if it is the same as back then.\nyea and it pasta was founded in italy, sicily\nThat makes sense, since pasta is so prevalent in Italian cuisine.
Hi, I am terribly afraid of clowns since I was a child, do you know the comic performers?\nYes, i'm not scared personally but they just annoy me so much hahaha, is there any history behind clowns?\nYes there is a history, but it's varied because of so many differences in costumes and performances.\nwow, when i was young my parents dressed me as a clown and i think that i s the reason i hate them, what about you?\nMy parents booked one for a birthday party when I was 9 and his style was creepy to me. It turned me off to it, but i think movies helped me acquire my fear of them.\nhahahah yea i know movies make it so much worse, but overall i'ts a way to make a living and i respect that
Red is next to orange and opposite of violet in the spectrum of light! \nOh really? I never knew that! Red is one of my favorite colors! What colors do you like?\nI really like pink- which a very pale red! \nPink is very nice too! There are so many beautiful shades of red! \nThere really are- I actually had no idea. They range from scarlet and vermillion to crimson to pale red pink to dark red burgandy. \nI love dark red burgandy! It's a very rich color. Do you agree?\nI do love a deep, rich burgandy. I also love red ochre- like the color of iron oxide. \nYes, I think I know what color you mean. I think red is a happy color. I even had a red car! 
I love rap music. I recently bought an album from snoop dogg.
What is your favorite number? Mine is the number 7\nI like 7, seems pretty cool. I mean it comes after 6 and before 8.\nI just remembered a joke from when I was a Kid. "Why was 6 afraid of 7?'
I used to have quite the issue with overeating, especially since I had no idea how much calories were in certain foods.\nI know what you mean. Certain foods can be addicting too. and that is the compulsive consumption of a high fat and high sugar food or foods which activate a reward center in the brain\nYeah, they're so much easier to access than before since sweet foods are thought of by the body as occasional treats.
I love the number 7.  What do you think about that?\nYeah its a good number.  Comes after 6 and before 8 lol.  What do you like about it? Has it been lucky for you?\nIt has been lucky for me and I like that it is used in slot machines.
I love pasta I cant get enough of it!\nme too! I love traditional Italian cuisine\nI dont think I have ever had that before.\nWell pasta is traditional italian cuisine, so you did try it :) the first reference of pasta is dating to 1154 in Sicily\nWow I though it dated back farther neat\nfresh pasta was traditionally produced by hand but today many varieties of fresh pasta are commercially produced by machines\nYeah I bet it taste better when its made by hand though,\ni bet! I actually want to try to make my own fresh pasta fresca\nI think im going to have to get pasta for dinner tonite now!
Do you happen to know any twins?\nI have some friends who are fraternal twins - one a boy and one a girl\nWhat is the difference between fraternal and identical?
Gosh, i really want to buy a ferrari one day! It's my dream car
Ferraris are extremely expensive italian sports cars.  Have you ever owned one?\nI wish, it's my dream car. Do you know who founded the company?\nFounded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939.  They also manufacture Fiats, which are more in my price range.\nI used to think Fiat was French just like Peugot, I never knew it was Italian. Wow amazing\nFerrari was actually branded as the worlds most powerful in 2014.  \nI think they are too expensive. I have seen more of Lamborghini than I have Ferrari, I think because of their exclusivity. 
I love to color my hair. I recently colored it purple.\nHow interesting! Did you do it yourself or did you go to a professional?\nI did it myself at home. Do you have any advice on how to maintain it?\nThere are special shampoos and conditioners. Won't be hard to find them in the store because hair coloring products are a 1.9 billion dollar business in the U.S.!\nWow, that's a lot of money. It can be stressful dying your hair by yourself. I wonder how they dyed it in ancient times.\nThey likely used Natural dyes, which can be from vegetables and plant sources like roots, bark, leaves, berries and wood. You can also find dyes in fungi and lichens!\nWow, that's probrably safer than putting a bunch of chemicals in your hair. Do the chemicals in modern hair dyes have any adverse effects?
Do you believe that there will ever be an alien invasion?\nno. only in science fiction stories and movies lol \namazing, since you are quite knowledgeable, how do we define an alien invasion? \nit's simply aliens invade the Earth either to exterminate human life or harvest people for food, steal the planet's resourses\nWhen did this word ever come into play? have there been any sightings? or it's just a figment of someone's imagination
Dog biscuit is a snack  that is used as a supplement for dogs\nI give my dogs biscuit sometimes. How healthy are dog treats though? \nJudging by the fact that they are always well made, and  tend to be hard and dry, I would say they are healthy\nI guess that makes sense. What other supplements exist to give to your dog? 
Sobriety is an issue that is difficult for many individuals.\nWold you like to know the definition of sobriety?\nYes, please tell me the definition.\nthe condition of not having effects from alcohol. It is the state of being sober.\nYes, I believe that staying sober is difficult for many people.\nI read that it is natural state of a human being given at a birth. I do not quite agree with that statement.\nI was married to an alcoholic who struggled with staying sober for almost 20 years. Even after rehab, he still struggles.\nDo you agree with the statement "the natural state of a human being given at a birth"?  \nAlthough this is the first time I have ever heard that statement, I believe that there are many factors that contribute to dependency issues later in life.
I don't drink alcohol at all, I'm all about sobriety\nThats a good choice. Alcohol is just never the answer for anything.
I have always dreamed of owning a Ferrari\nOh, luxury. It's an Italian sports car manufacturer in Maranello.\nOh yes. Do you know what kind of engine it has?\nI'm not sure. But, it was founded by Enzo Ferrari back in 1939, and they built their first car in 1940\nDo they still make them or would I have to buy an older car?\nIt has been restructured back in 2015, making Ferrari N.V. \nI wonder which would be better. Are they reliable?
Red is one of my favorite colors, it's also the color at the end of the visible light spectrum.\ni love red! I feel like it's the color of passion and love
My favorite kind of music is rock and roll. I like classic and modern rock. What about you?\ni like Rock and roll because it developed from the music of gospel and blues in the 1940's and 1950's.\nYeah, I think Elvis had a lot to do with the invention of rock. Can you tell me about him?
I must admit I have gotten into baking recently.  The most common item baked is bread, but I have been branching out a little.\nWhere have you recently branched to? I want to learn how to bake too\nWell I have gotten a lot of ideas from the Great British Bake off, which is a cooking show where bakers compete against each other\nTell me more about the cooking show at be that could help me\nThe contestants go through three challenges for baking and each episode some are eliminated\nSo do they bake bread only or are there any other stuff they do?
Do you know much about the San Diego Comic-Con - or Comic Con in general?\nI know that its a is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention, do you like visiting comic-cons?\nI've never been - but I think my kids and husband would like to go to one.\nIt is a four-day event (ThursdaySunday) held during the summer, so it can be a pretty interesting summer vacation for your family :D\nI would imagine there are many of interesting people there, in addition to the celebrities.\nyes there are a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests every year, so famous people are really common \nIt would be interesting if some of the actors from the Marvel movies would be there.\nYes i think next time Black panther characters will be there, is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name\nYeah, it was filmed in Atlanta - about 30 minutes from me!
I really love the color red! It is so vibrant!\nYes it is, it's actually my favorite color! Different shades of red are super interesting when mixed. Crimson, for example, SUPER pretty.\nCrimson is an awesome color. I also like burgundy!\nBurgundy isn't bad, little too brownish for me but I respect it. Red is usually the color of pills that are stimulants.\nOh I had no idea. I did know that red cars are more popular so they tend to be higher priced!\nAbsolutely, red and other colors can be highly influential for people. I'm sure you've heard that thing about red cars being pulled over more often.\nYes! It is crazy how colors can be so influential!
Everyday after work I give my dog a biscuit. She likes them a lot. I think she likes how crunchy they are, as biscuits are hard and dry.\nooook?? well that's nice to know. are dog biscuits good for dogs?\nYes! Some dog biscuit makers say that their products are good for dog's teeth - they help clean them\ninteresting. and...what would happen if a human ate them? ....like, all the time?\nWell 'dog's bread' as dog biscuits used to be called since Roman times were made of bran. They'd keep your bowels as clean as a whistle\nwell then maybe I should dig into my sister's dog's biscuits and see what happens. what other types of food are good for dogs?
Red is such a pretty color!  Mars is a red planet, and the red color comes from iron oxide!\nred is cool or should I say hot :)
Hello, do you really have purple hair?\nNo but I like hair dyeing.\nI see, are you a hair stylist? Or is it just something you enjoy doing?\nI am a hairdresser that does hair coloring.\nOh that sounds neat, how long have you been doing that? Did you go to school? 
Do you like red, it's my favorite color!\nI do like it red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum, it is opposite of violet\nIt's just before infrared right?
I still love superman even though he is  a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.\nI love superman, but don't know very much about him. What planet is he from?
I have brown hair.\nMe too! Pretty much everybody in my family does, since we're all descendants of central Europeans.\nMost of my family has brown hair also.
Target is my favorite store because of its cheap and chic products.  What is yours?\nI like Target, it is sort of pricey though, so I would say Walmart because of the pricing!
Baking is a favorite hobby of mine, especially baking bread. What are some of your favorite pasties?\nMy pastime or pasties ?Don't understand your questions
I gained a lot of weight after my mom passed, Im geting obese but I was told it is a medical condition that I can get help for.\nI'm sorry to hear that!  Have you tried limiting your calories and getting a bit of exercise?
I have 3 Ferrari cars in my garage and I hardly know nothing about them. i read some self help books, then I was rick all of the sudden.\nThose are some nice cars they are manufacturer in Maranello. \nYeah that's pretty cool. Do you know how old the company is?\nI want to say since about 1939 and the car was first built in 1940 what color's do you have?\nI have magenta, sky blue and another barbie pink.
I am really excited for our Niagara Falls trip, have you ever visited there before? I hear it is actually three combined waterfalls. \nI have not been! That's a lot of water!\nCan you believe the city near Niagara Falls was occupied by Native Americans? \nI did not know that. Are there any Native Americans still there?\nThe only Native Americans left live on reservations nearby. Which there are 250 tribes that live on reservations. \nOh wow! Do all 250 tribes live on the same reservation? 
My favorite color is red.
Hello, what do you know about Ferraris?
I have a twin in real life and when people see us together, I get real sick of them asking if we are twins!
I have brown hair. It is very common in human beings.\nSame here, brown hair is super common too.\nThat's what I said, haha. I wish I had red hair. I think it looks really cool.\nMy bad haha. I think so too, red hair is not nearly as common as brown or black hair but I wish it was.\nI think red hair is mostly present in northern climates. It is pretty rare where I live.
Have you ever gone swimming with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nI have not. Is it scary?\nI have never been near one! lol I know they live in warm, subtropical and tropical waters. I think I would be terrified! lol\nAre they located in all parts of the world?\nI know they are protected in international waters by the Convention of Migratory Species of Wild animals. I think they are very vulnerable if they get close to shore.\nThat's interesting. Do they bite or sting?
Hi, I love some fresh pasta, do you ever eat it?
I like to bake...especially bread.  Do you bake?\nYes, I bake from time to time, usally bread.
Have you ever wrapped your thighs around a Harley-Davidson American motorcycle?\nnope tell me about it\nIt will change your life. Any company that can make it through periods of poor economic health and product quality, as well as intense global competition know how to make a product that will rock your socks off.\ncool so it was made in hard times\nFounded in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1903 and made in America for the first 75 years. \nwow that is quite the record \nNow they are made in York, Pennsylvania; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Kansas City, Missouri; Manaus, Brazil; and Bawal, India.\ncool how many different models do they make
I love Gospel music,it inspires me alot\nMe too! It usually involves dominant vocals and harmony, which is the best part about it. I'm really not into the God part personally.\nHow about you favorite gospel artist?\nI actually haven't heard a lot of gospel singers. What is yours? Gospel music goes waaay back to the 17th century.\nFred Hammond, don't Moen et al, you can name yours too.Guess you have the information already?\nI just don't know specific artists. I do love Southern gospel the most, which is a type of Christian music.\nSo there are classifications of Christian music. Do you know them?
Have you ever been to a Comic-Con?\nNo, I haven't, but I bet it would be really fun.\nI learned that it was originally the Golden State Comic Book Convention and it is almost fifty years old now.\nWow, that's is awesome. Who would you be if you dressed up for Comic-Con? I think I'd be Harley Quinn\nI'd be Comic Book Guy from The Simpsons, cheap to make and very relevant lol.\nThat would be great. And you are right a cheap easy costume. I hear people really get into their character when there
Have you ever been to Carolines on Broadway? It is a venue for stand-up comedy located in Times Square.\nCaroline of Broadway? No,tell me more about it
I think Snoop Dogg is a ok rapper\nSnoop Dogg's 1993 album Doggy-style was the soundtrack of my high school years! I've been a fan ever since!\nDo you think he was every a real gangster\nI don't know. I think he probably was. He just has that persona about him. His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.! Not much of a gangster name!\nHis real name is Calvin? that is funny!\nI thought so too! Calvin Jr.! His got his start in music after being discovered by Dr. Dre in 1992. That's how he was able to make an appearance on Dre's album, The Chronic.\nThat is great he has always been kinda over rated if you ask me
I really like pasta but my husband isn't fond of it. Do you like it?
I enjoy rock and roll music. I recently took a trip to the Rock and Roll hall of fame which was fantastic. Do you like rock music?
Hey there!  I'm pretty interested in Harley Davidson motorcycles.  Dude, they've been around since 1903!  That's way longer than most companies in the USA.\nI used to have a Yamaha, but i think that Harleys are too loud!  They do look good on the road, however.  How long have you been riding?\nYamaha is cool too, I just looked them up and they've been in business since 1955.  They make all kinds of other stuff too, sailboats, water craft, snowmobiles, all kinds of stuff.  I've been riding for about 5 years.  What about you?\nI've had a motorcycle since 2001.  Most harleys are belt driven, my Yamaha had a drive shaft, which mad itVERY dependable.  I passed a lot of broken down Harleys on the side of the road.\nWell, say what you will about Harleys, they sure do have a loyal customer base.  Their owner clubs are pretty well known all over the world.  The museum is really interesting too.\nI haven't been to the museum, but i have seen in the news where they are moving some production overseas due to Trumps tarriffs.  It is a sad day for American Motorcycles when they are made overseas!!\nI'm with you on that, there's a big problem when an economic policy that's supposed to help the USA results in jobs moving overseas.  Hopefully they'll come to their senses!  Or we just have to wait a few years, haha\nI'm sure that Mr. Turmp's position is just a negotiating tactic.  When he gets concessions from other countrties on trade, the tarriffs will come off.
I love coloring my hair! It's fun to play with all the different shades of dye. Have you ever colored your hair?\nYes, I have made it purple and red before.
Music in the 1980s was so much fun from what I have heard.\nYeah the 1980's was the emergence of dance music and new wave music.\nWhat exactly was the type of music coming out? Pop?
I like baked food\nEating baked food is great, baking it is great fun too.\nI love pies\nPies are a great baked good, but there are lots of different things you can bake. Cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat is what baking is.\nReally?
Obesity is a condition  where excess body fat is very high\nThat's true, I think obesity is a big problem in the US right now.\nYes and the negative health effects can include mortality\nDefinitely, it's a big problem. Do you know how common obesity is in the US right now?
I love the color red. It is so vibrant!
I must admit I have gotten into baking recently.  The most common item baked is bread, but I have been branching out a little.\nWhere have you recently branched to? I want to learn how to bake too\nWell I have gotten a lot of ideas from the Great British Bake off, which is a cooking show where bakers compete against each other\nTell me more about the cooking show at be that could help me
hii do you hear abour jazz?\nYes, I love jazz. It originated in African-American communities in New Orleans. \noh i didn't know detaily. please tell something about jazz
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it's so interesting and relaxing.\nI love Jazz. I'm also a fan of blues and ragtime.\nMe too! So how did jazz music come about?\nIt originated in New Orleans in the late 19th century.\nCool, what community of people created it? \nIt originated from the African-American community.\nI thought so, wasn't it similar to how the blues was made?
I love wine. I like to taste different types and examine it with my senses.\nReally? I don't drink alcohol so I know nothing about wine. Are there different types of wine?\nYes definitely! There are reds and whites. My favorite is white wine. It can range in color from straw-yellow to yellow-gold\nDo they taste different? What is wine made of anyways?
Wine tasting is when you examine and evaluate different types of wine with your delicate senses. Ever been?\nYes my personal favorite wines to try are white wines.\nThere are in modern times actually professional wine tasters and they use a consantantly ever evolving specialized type of terminology use to desribe the wine an its characaristics like flavors aromas and charactistics.\nDo you have a personal favorite aroma of your own?
My friend was just diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but I don't know much about it.\nIts characterized by long term fatigue and other symptoms and it severely limits a persons ability to live a normal life\nWhat are the other symptoms?\nMostly the fatigue that is not warranted or due to strenuous ongoing exertion\nThat sounds awful. I wonder how common it is?\nNot sure but there is no real cure there is limited treatment\nWhat is the treatment?\nIn the US no medications or procedures only a little cognitive therapy\nWhat is cognitive therapy?
hello, i think my favorite color is red\nIt is beautiful. It's color range goes from yellow-tinged scarlet to bluish-red scarlet. It can also range from pale red pink to burgundy.\na lot of range for the color red, i like the very basic red\nIt's been popular for a long time. The bright red outfits of Renaissance nobility were dyed using cochineal.\ncochineal? is that some sort of plant?
I have never been wine tasting but I am really interested in it. What do you know about wine tasting?\nwhine tasting eh? the price of wine tasting is as ancient as its production\nSo is wine cheap or expensive. How is wine even made?
I wish my hair were nice and brown like my youngest daughter, but I have dirty blond instead.\nAfter black hair, the most common is brown\nI wish I was that lucky.  What else can you tell me about brown hair - like do brunettes really have all the fun?\nThe colour can be  light brown to almost black hair.\nSo there are a lot of shades of brown then?  Perhaps I will dye mine.\nYes you should. A common trait is that  higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels of the pale pigment pheomelanin.\nI did not know that different melanins affected the hair color - is it genetic as well?
I love to color my hair every month, its so much fun. Are you interested in coloring your hair too? What would you like to know? \nI've been thinking of coloring my hair but I can't decide between letting a professional do it, or do it myself. What do you think?
ive never really used hair colors\nIt is the practice of changing the color of one's hair\noh yea makes sense\nIt can be done professionally by a hair dresser or at home\nat home can be quite a mess\nYes, independent home hair styling can be tough, and takes much skill\nyea its very messy if you arent careful
hii do you hear abour jazz?\nYes, I love jazz. It originated in African-American communities in New Orleans. \noh i didn't know detaily. please tell something about jazz\nThere's a lot to learn about it! Its roots are in blues and ragtime music, and it was originated in the late 19th to early 20th centuries. \nits interesting. ragtime music mean?
I wish my hair were nice and brown like my youngest daughter, but I have dirty blond instead.
i like to go wine tasting. i feel its a great way to meet like minded people. How about you??\nI love wine, but I haven't gone wine tasting in a while. Tell me about your latest experience. 
I am a men and i struggle with my family because i want to have long hair and they dont let me, i have pretty brown hair!\nLong hair in some cultures is associated with being free from societies control. \nActually yes i like to feel free! im straight one of my concersn also is if girls will like me with long hair\nWell long hair is usually rated as attractive by both men and women.\nThats good to know! im a little bit insecure! but i think brown hair is still manly! blonde hair its more for girls
I love Snoop Dogg, have you ever heard of him?\nI sure have. I'm not incredibly familiar with his work as a singer/songwriter, but I really like Snoop Dogg's personality and business sense.\nHe's sure made a lot of money from his connection to marijuana. I really like his song Gin and Juice.\nWas that on his debut album "Doggystyle?"\nI'm not sure to be honest, it may have been. Urijah Faber used it as his walk out song for his MMA fights.\nUrijah Faber.... That sounds familiar. Is he the mixed martial artist who used to wear dreadlocks?\nYes that's correct. He was also known as The California Kid, he was a very accomplished fighter in the UFC.\nGotcha. I really am not completely up to date witht he UFC or mixed martial arts in general. That being said, I do listen to Joe Rogan.\nOh do you listen to his podcast? I'm a big JRE fan myself.
Ireally love the color red, In fact the color red is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light, next to the color orange and opposite of violet.\nHey, red is actually my favorite color! You know I find that red is very influential in a lot of ways. Have you heard of color psychology?
My all time favorite 80's band is Ah-Ha, with my favorite song being "Take On Me". What is your opinion of 80's music?\nI love all the major trends of 80's music, it's still popular to me! It's hard to pick, I was an 80's baby, were you?\nNo, I was not - was born in the 90's. What are some of your favorite 80's songs? I really enjoy "Whip It" by Devo - it managed to hit #1 on the Billboard charts.\nNo one can dance these days like they used to in 80's music lol. Madonna, Prince and Journey are awesome \nThose singers and bands are really great! I wish I could have been one of their first fans when they formed in 1973.
It was only 2 years ago that I started hitting gym to pursue physical fitness in my lifestyle\nThat's incredible, its important to stay in shape, I work out and maintain a Ketogenic diet for the sake of my wellbeing.\nI only got Whey protein powder for beginning and planned a diet that consisted only of products rich in protein\nHonestly, whey protein is unnecessary unless you are a top level athelete, MCT oil and natural proteins are much more bioavailable for energy\nI didn't know that. Nevertheless, thanks to Whey, I gained 6.6 pounds of muscle mass\nYeah but the Siege of Buda 1849 was a bloodbath, think about how much muscle mass was LOST in that battle!\nWell, I guess no pain, no gain applies really well
Were you aware that a baker is someone who bakes and sells bread and related products?\nI did know that yes! Do you know a lot about bakers?
My favorite color is red. What is yours?\nPink is my favorite, you may have not known but it's considered a pale red.\nThat is true! Pink is indeed a shade of red. I guess if I were specific, I'd say my favorite color is "blood" red. 
Red is the color of my soul. What color is your soul?\nI would say orange. It is close to red which is at the end of the visible spectrum.\nSuch a beautiful color. The color is fall
I love red. It's my favorite color!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nMy favorite red is Ketchup red.\nIts a  is a cult Quebec comic book series featuring FBIs crazed rogue agent, Steve Red Ketchup.\nOh wow, I didn't know that. Is red symbolic?
I like the taste of Gouda cheese, is a mild, yellow cheese from Netherlands \nYes, I love that cheese. When I was in Netherlands I tasted the best Gouda cheese in my life.\ni think its the most popular cheese worldwide, i like making it with macaroni, i like homemade mac&cheese\nI make pizza with Gouda, It taste good really.
I enjoy gospel music when I hear it, but I don't know a lot about it.\nI am a christian and I love gospel music because it is a genre of christian music. \nWho are some of your favorite gospel music artists?\nI am a fan of rock music too so i like Petra as one of the pioneer of the Christian rock\nOh, I have never heard Petra.  What are the names of some Petra songs?\nI could not recollect the name but i know their songs  evolved into a more energetic, driving rock sound in the early 1980s akin to Foreigner, Styx and Journey.\nOh, that sounds awesome. I like those artists so I will check out Petra. Are there other artists you would recommend from gospel or Christian rock?\nYou can also try Styx. They sing other type of music too but I like them because they are American rock band from Chicago. I love their albums released in the late 1970s and early 1980s.\nOh, yes, I like Styx as well. Do you have a favorite Styx song or album?
Hai
I must admit I have gotten into baking recently.  The most common item baked is bread, but I have been branching out a little.\nWhere have you recently branched to? I want to learn how to bake too
Black hair is the most common color and the darkest hair color\nReally?  Tell me more about this.
I love rock and roll music.  Do you know much about the genre?\nIt's a genre of popular music that came about in the United States around the late 40s/early 50s, from African American musical styles, like gospel, jump blues, jazz, boggie woogie, and with some country music thrown into the mix!\nSo it has a lot of influences.  When was rock music the most popular?
What is your favorite number?\n7 is a cool number but i like 17 myself.\n7 is my favorite.  It's a powerful number. What do you like about 17?\nI like that it isnt common and its my birthday day of the month, its a cool number.\n17 still has 7 in it so I like it too.  Do you have another favorite?
Red is my favorite color - especially crimson red. What is your favorite shade of red?\ni like ruby\nI also love pink- which is actually a very light shade of red. It's a mixture of white and red. Men used to sometimes wear pink suits because, as a watered down shade of red, I signified passion or anger tempered by self-control\ni like pink as well. i also like yellow\nWhat shade of yellow do you prefer? I like pale pastel yellow, because it reminds me of spring time!\ni like that and canary yellow
I don't know a lot about motorcycles but I have heard of Harley-Davidson \nYeah, the Harley-Davison motorcycles are awesome. They're an American motorcycle founded in Milwaukee in 1903. My dad drives one!\nAwesome! Are they the most popular motorcycle brand in the US?
I really love comic books. Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con? 
I really love comic books. Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con? \nI know it's held annually, but I've never been.  Tell me about it!\nPeople from all over the country, and sometimes other countries, show up and wait in lines for hours to meet famous artists and actors. \nIt's a 4 day even in July in San Diego, so I'd think it's one of the larger comic-cons.\nI've heard that before. I think the only other large one is New York Comic-Con. I hear they have exclusive items to buy there. \nI would probably go as a Trekkie if I ever went since they are derivatives of science-fiction conventions.\nOh like as a character from Star Trek? Do you speak the alien language they use? 
Do you know anything about dairy farming?
I love to eat hot peppers.\nThe chili pepper or also known as chili is a fruit of plants from the Capsicum family of the nightshade family.\nCapsicum I've heard of that.  How do they measure how hot a pepper is?\nThey can be used for many different cuisines to add spiceness for food dishes.\nThey absolutely do.  How do I cool my mouth after eating a hot pepper?\nChili peppers came from Mexico.\nDo they come from anywhere else?
Hair dyeing, coloring, whatever you want to call it, I have purple hair now.\nPurple! Lol I have platinum blonde that I maintain with purple shampoo, so sometimes if I leave it in too long it turns purplish
I really enjoy exercising and physical fitness.  Do you work out?
hello, everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit\nThat's so nice of you! Dogs love those hard biscuits, it's like how humans love snack food!\nshe loves it and likes to do a twirl before she gets one, so cute\nThat's so cute! You're also helping to improve her health with those biscuits! They help clean her teeth!\nyea, that is the main reason i feed them to her, for her teeth\nDoes she like the flat, bone-shaped ones? Those are my dog's favorite!\nthe shape does not really matter to her, just the size, she has a small mouth\nAw, she sounds adorable! "Dog's bread" was the original name for today's dog biscuits. Humans have been making them since Roman times!\nthey must have fed them bread that went hard and stale to their dogs
I love exercising, it really gets me into a state of health and well-being. Do you exercise\nMe too, I think excersising is the best. I like to run on the treadmill. What kinda workouts do you do? \nNothing beats going outside for a jog, getting that good sunlight and fresh air. But physical fitness isn't achieved through exercise alone,  fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition. Do you eat healthily?\nI do eat healthy, I try and drink a fruit smoothie every morning and in the evening I drink a protein shake. Do you think protein shakes are good for workouts? \nOh defineatly, getting enough protein in your diet is essential to good muscle health and the bodies ability to function efficiently and effectively \nIndeed, I hear it helps build up your muscles too. What type of workouts would you recommend for some serious weight loss? Ive been wanting to up my game lately. \nFor weight loss, anything that gets the heart rate up works. You don't need to build muscle to lose weight, simple jumping jacks or high knees will suffice and also helps your body to resist hypokinetic diseases\nOh ok thanks for the tips, Ill have to try some of those. I am a pretty big guy so I guess ill have to start light and then work my way up. What about dietary supplements, Any you would recommend? 
I love making my own ice cream on the dairy farm.\nyou live on a farm?
My favorite color is Red.\nOh, neat! What shade of red is your favorite? Red can be scarlet, crimson, or even pink in shade.\nI would have to say that my favorite shade has to be Crimson. \nRed is a cool favorite color to have, considering its history. Ancient Egyptians and Mayans would use red to color their faces during important ceremonies.\nI would have to say my favorite shade would be Crimson
I do not have much energy\nAre you having trouble carrying out normal daily routines?  Could be chronic fatigue syndrome.\nI am thinking so, maybe i need to see a doctor on this
I don't drink alcohol often
My favorite number is 7, I dont know I just feel it is lucky\nI've heard that. I'm not sure why that is either. \nDo you know anything about the number 7?\nI know that it is before 8 and after 6!\nI think in the NFL their was a very famous player who had the number 7 but I cant remember his name\nMaybe it was the famous Austrailian rugby is David Campese\nThat is probably who im thinking of, I know some number in sports are reserved for certain postions.\nThat's very true. Another interesting fact about the Australian rugby team is that they first played in Sydney in 1899. \nThat is kinda cool.
Do you know anyone struggling with alcohol and trying to gain sobriety to not have measurable levels of alcohol.\nI actually do. It is a difficult struggle. Do you know someone as well?\nNot really, but I am usually a person in a state considered sober. I feel like drugs just do more harm than anything.\nI agree. It is not something I can imagine dealing with personally!\nDo you know about Eminem and his sixth studio album Relapse? He struggles with sobriety.\nI didn't know that. It is a very common and widespread problem it seems.
I am a retired computer programmer. I enjoyed my life as a person who creates computer software.\nThat sounds interesting, what kind of software did you create?
I love Red, it is my favorite color.\nI love red as well! I have heard red is a predator color
I do not have much energy
I just brown hair.  I wonder how many people have brown hair.\nQuite a lot!  It's actually the second most common hair color.  Second to black hair of course.\nIs there a reasons so many people have brown hair?
Is obesity as big of a problem in america as some people are making it out to be?\nSadly, I think it is. Two out of three men in the US are considered to be obese or overweight and the rates for women are actually much higher.\nOh wow, really? Would you happen to know an overall percentage of obesity in America? \nI don't know the exact numbers, but the US contains one of the highest percentage of obese people in the entire world. That's not a good statistic for us!\nOh, no it's not! Is there anything the average american can do to fight obesity?\nAbsolutely! Obesity is usually preventable in most cases through a combination of personal choices and social changes. We need to eat less and exercise more!\nAh, yes, see that's the hard part, isn't it, haha! You mentioned women had a different rate than men with being diagnosed with obesity, could you tell me what it is?
baking is one of my favorite activities,  Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nI love baking too! Cheesecakes are my speciality.\nHeat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to their center, if you get it wrong it will burn\nYep I usually bake with bain maries to avoid burning.\nBaking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant  have you tried it?\nI have not. That sounds interesting though
I enjoy Gouda cheese on my salads and sandwiches. Do you like Gouda cheese?\nI do, although it's not my favorite. It's one of the most popular chesses in the world.\nIt's not my favorite, as it is a bit too pungent to eat too often. But, it's good on certain foods.\nTrue. But, it's one of the oldest cheeses in the world still made. From 1184!\nI didn't realize it had been around that long, that's a long time! Is it more popular in certain regions\nHolland, I believe. Gouda got its name because it was traded in the market sqaure of Gouda\nWell, that's pretty interesting. I didn't know that either. Anything else?
I swam with Manta rays once.  The are a large ray that belong to the genus Manta\nThat sounds amazing! Where did you do that and what was it like?\nIt was on a vacation in Hawaii at the Garden Eel COve\nYou are so lucky to experience that. What are manta rays like - I've never seen one?\nThe are really cool.  They have large mouths, horn fins and triangle shaped pectoral fins\nWoah, sound a bit scary. But in a good way. Are they fierce creatures?\nNot really.  They spend most of their time feeding on plankton\nWell, that sounds pretty calm. Are they indigenous to Hawaii?
I've been coding all day, creating what I think is computer software, but my eyes are too glazed over to tell anymore.\nCoding sounds so interesting!  I wish I knew more about it!
I am so happy I haven't ahd to put my children in childcare or daycare and have someone else caring and supervising them.\nYes, I would always be nervous about what happens during the time away from my children.
I feel the fictional superhero of superman is universally recognized\nI think so, I feel like he is the biggest superhero out of all of them,\nbut i also think people i identify with batman though, because of his secret idenity\nwhat is his secret identity again?\nhe was the billionaire bruce wayne \nOh that's right. He had the friend who made all the techy gadgets.
I used to have quite the problem with overeating, as I used to be pretty chubby myself. Have you had that issue?\nFortunately I've been able to avoid that problem. I know it can be a big issue during the holidays, as many people tend to overeat during those times.\nThat's true, since there are so many gigantic meals during that time and people don't care as much.\nIt can also happen during festivals because people have built up so much anticipation to the event, and we even encourage overeating sometimes, for instance Thanksgiving.\nWe certainly do encourage overeating in some cases, but it seems to be very rare and it seems like weight loss stuff is really popular around that time too.
I have CFS, is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other symptoms \nI'm sorry to hear that! Is there any treatment for CFS?\nNot really it can be troublesome .  fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, is not much relieved by rest,\nThat doesn't sound like much fun! What causes CFS?\nIt is chronic fatigue syndrome. No medications or procedures have been approved \nIs it genetic, viral or does someone just develop the condition out of the blue?\nIt is unknown what causes it. Evidence suggests that cognitive behavioral therapy and a gradual increase in activity\nWell I guess that's some kind of hope for you! What else can you tell me about chronic fatigue syndrome?
Hi, i really like to have a cold shower \nWhat is it that you like about cold showers?\nrather than indoor or man made, i love to have shower under waterfalls\nInteresting! Do you use soap when you shower under a waterfall?
I have a family member struggling with the medical condition obesity.\nSorry to here that. What can be done to help them?\nWell to help with obesity, you can make changes to your diet. You can exercise more.\nWhat exactly is obesity?
I love coloring my hair! It's fun to play with all the different shades of dye. Have you ever colored your hair?\nYes, I have made it purple and red before.\nThose are fun colors! Did you have it done professionally or did you dye it at home?\nThe red I did at home. The purple I had to have done professionally to get it to stick.
I love to exercise. I feel so sluggish on days when I don't work out at the gym.\nMe too! Exercise helps me with a state of health and well-being. It allows me to perform aspects of sports, work, and daily activities.\nWhat kind of sports do you like to play?\nI do strength training which is a type of exercise that specializes in using resistance to induce muscular contraction to build my strength up.\nThat's great! Do you like to use dumbbells and barbells?
I love gospel music: james Brown sang gospel in the movie "the Blues Brothers", and it was awe inspiring.\nI'm not really into Gospel music. I prefer country music
I love the color red - it has been an important color for centuries\nIt has been important both negative and positive.\nColors can have different effects on people - there are whole fields of study about this\nSo what is that study called?  What does red do to people?\nStraight men tend to like red outfits, while straight females do not agree\nI did not know that.  Do straight men like them on themselves or women?
Hi - My husband is a career soldier. He is currently stationed in Japan.\nhow long has he been there? was he in afghanistan too?\nHe's been in Japan for two years. Yes, he was in Afghanistan for 4 years. \nthe winters in the kush mountain range get very cold\nHe has send the same thing. We sent him some really warm blankets to help him, but he said the cold just sets into your bones.\nhave you seen the film Lone Survivor?\nIs that the film with Mark Walhberg? If so, yes I have. It was very emotional.
ive been baking since i was little. My mom loves when i made cakes
I just dyed my hair a purplish red last friday.\nYou must like changing your hair color. What color did you dye? \nIt was called deep violet but because I still had red in my hair it turned out a pretty purple and red color.\nDid you have it done professionally by a hairdresser or yourself?\nI did it myself. I usually have it done by a professional but I wanted to try it myself.\nYup doing it independently at home probably save a lot time and money.\nDefinitely, it took me 30ish minutes and cost me $7
Hi there! Are you a baker?Our do i say:Do you love to bake?\nHey, how are you? I do like to bake, cookies and cakes!\nNice one! So do you use oven for backing?  Or a concentrated heat source?\nYes, I use the oven for my cupcakes and I have a mini cake baker that's like a waffle maker. My fave flavor is lemon so any time I can, I like to make lemon cupcakes. How about you?\nI use a method called pressure cooking using water and other liquid in a sealed vessel\nI bet that's fun. I've been baking for a long time and it's definitely a fun thing to do on the weekends. What is your fave thing to bake?\nI bake cakes also and bread using grainthe fifth and sixth centuries BCE, the ancient Greeks used enclosed ovens heated by wood \nThat's pretty awesome, I bet that's a fun way to watch your cakes being cooked. It's awesome to be abel to use the same methods they did centuries ago.
I know the San Diego Comic-Con is coming up soon! I would love to attend this event! Have you ever been?\nNo, but it does  sound   kind of fun. It waas founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention in 1970\nI had no idea it had been around that long! Can you tell me more about the convention?\nI believe that some San Diengans named Shel Dorf, richard Alf, Ken Krueger and Mike Towry started it\nWere they somehow affiliated with the comic industry?\nNot sure. I like that it lasts for four days, Thursday thru Sunday and is in the summer, July.\nI know that people camp outside for DAYS to get inside, especially Hall H!
my wife has brown hair, it's so pretty i really love it\nAwww, that's so sweet! Brown hair is the second most common hair color after black hair. Mine is black :(\nblack hair is pretty too! i love natural colors, don't really like pink and green hair\nHaha! Yeah, pink and green are a bit too crazy for me! If you don't mind me asking, is your wife European? I hear brown hair is pretty common there.\nyes she is, she used to use Henna to dye her hair red. i mean it wasn't really red it just looked brown with red tint\nThat's pretty cool, I didn't know you could use Henna to dye hair. I always thought Henna was for drawing designs on your hands.\nthat's what i thought but apparently a lot of people from her home country (kazakhstan) use henna to dye hair.
Hey man, I love listening to Snoop Dog. You know the American rapper and songwriter?\nOh yeah. He's great. I like almost all his songs\nYeah, I mean he sold over 23 million albums in the US alone. Do you have any of them?\nI have Bush, it is really really good. His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. and is from Long Beach\nBush? Is that an album? I have "The Doggfather". I went double platinum in 1997. That one had some awesome tracks!\nThat's when he went back to being called Snoop Dogg. Its great to dance to.
I love Gospel music,it inspires me alot
I have a friend who is struggling maintaining her sobriety. She says it's tough to achieve a life balance.\nStruggling with addiction is so hard you're a good person for listening to her. Is it drugs or alcohol?
Do you like hair colouring?\nNot really I am bald
I have brown hair and I wear wigs and extensions\nI just love thick curly brown hair with brown eyes\nBut a lot of people think I should go with blonde instead of brown hair. But I like my brown hair
I've been really stressed lately. Does it ever happen to you that you eat way too much when in stress?\nSometimes.  I am definitely more impulsive when I'm stressed out.
Are fat people funiier? Maybe. what do you think?\nI am not too familiar with the fat acceptance movement. Obesity is terrible for your health, so why accept it?\nWhy not accept it? Is it any of your business if someone is fat or not? Does it affect you, really?\nI am obese myself and have abdominal obesity for sure, so yes it it my business.\nAnd you don't think people should accept you? Should they throw rocks or something? Or not serve you at restaurants? You have hate yourself because you're fat?\nNo I think you shouls accept others fornwho they are. But onesity is causing heart disease all over the country.\nIt seems to be a symptom of something larger, psychological, environmental, lifestyles. Shaming people isn't going to help. People need other options and people to care for them.
I like to dye my hair blonde to cover my gray\nI see. Why do you do that?\nTo cover my gray hair and have more blond\nOh okay, what is a blonde color?
Have you ever worked at a day care? Childcare is generally given to kids ages 6 weeks to 13 years.\ni have not and was not in it growing up either\nWell child care is very important in developing a child's emotional and social development,\nIn 2011, the median annual salary for a child care worker was $19,430, less than a parking lot attendant or a janitor.
I'm looking to get my hair colored and dyed.  Do you have any recommendations on what's the best treatment out there these days?\nwell I do not dye my hair but I would imagine having a professional do it would be best, or just get a box of dye and do it at home\nWould you know of any special hair coloring treatments that professionals can do for me?  I have not dyed my hair before either but always wanted to try it out.  I would like to make sure it's done right.
Hi
Gosh I just love the comic con, especially the one in San Diego that celebrates every year!\nwho is your favorite character!
Red is one of my favorite colors. Its at the end of the visible spectrum.\nIt's never been one I've gravitated towards. But I'm open to learning more about all colors. What can you tell me about it to get me interested?
My favorite color is red. I think it looks great by itself or contrasted with blue. Do you like red?\nI love red from the bluish-red of crimson to the yellow tinged scarlet, it is probably the most prominent color.\nYes, there are so many shades of red. I think my favorite one is firehouse red, which is very bright and luminous. Red is also a primary color.
Childcare involve supervision of children from ages 6 weeks to 13\nI have two small children in that age range. How about you?
Red is my favorite color.  It is known for being at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nIsn't the color red supposed to excite and inflame the passions?\nYes that is true.  I've also heard it increases blood pressure!\nI understand it is not to be used, or used sparingly in classrooms.\nI have never heard that?  Where did you read that?\nTeacher school!
i wish i could lose weight, i'm so obese 
So i have a little bakery with my wife 24 cupcakes, we bake from day to night, do you like to bake?\nI bake bread which is the most common item to bake, but that's it.\nOh thats cool, good old bread one of the oldes recipes, from Jesus christ times there was bread, so baking is really old! do you like baked sweets? cupcakes cakes? 
do u like ferrari , i hear they are super expensive \nThey are expensive but worth it, they were rated the most pwerful brand by brand france in 2014\npersonally i doubt i can ever afford one , but rich people talk about \nI feel it's name is what makes it popular the most. Brands are used in marketing and advertising to make people want to buy them.\nits good advertisement , everyone who is rich wants one \nI'd rather have a new ford mustang myself.\none day you will , just keep working hard and you will get it 
I love the color red,red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nI love red too! Red is my favorite color!
I love the color red. It is so vibrant!\nThen join me friend, let's venture to the Red Planet! Let's go to Mars with Elon Musk!\nWho is Elon Musk? Haha! I know the Red Planet is Mars, but I'm lost on Elon. 
My father-in-law is a fraternal twin. I find the relationship between twins fascinating.\nMe too.  Is there a strong resemblance?
My favorite color is red. I think it looks great by itself or contrasted with blue. Do you like red?\nI love red from the bluish-red of crimson to the yellow tinged scarlet, it is probably the most prominent color.\nYes, there are so many shades of red. I think my favorite one is firehouse red, which is very bright and luminous. Red is also a primary color.\nYea its been a big part across many cultures due to it being the color of blood, it was used in Mayans and Egyptians ceremonies, as well as by the Romans.\nThat is a great point. They must have attached a lot of significance to red. I wonder if they even dressed in red.\nActually red became a big color for costumes and outfits in the Renaissance period among nobility and royalty.\nInteresting. I think of Mardi Gras today where there are many revelers wearing red. It is a very festive color!
I've always found 7, the number between 6 and 8, to be a lucky number for me. \ni love the number 7 too.\nSometimes in the western world people draw a horizontal stroke through the middle of the 7, but you never see that on a keyboard.\nthats quite cool.\nI guess it helps to distinguish a 7 from a 1, if you have bad handwriting like I do!  \nyea i know what you mean.\nQuite a few cultures, including Hindus, have written the 7 in similar ways to how we do it. The Hindus originally wrote it like an inverted J. \nthats a cool way to look at it, strange it was from hindus tho.
Gosh, i really want to buy a ferrari one day! It's my dream car\nFerrari is rated the world's most powerful brand \nSuch a beautiful car! They are so expensive though\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history in May 2012\nWow, really? Do you know how much that Ferrari cost?\nIt sold for a little bit over $38 million\nThat's a lot of money!!!
I'm always surprised at how many people suffer from obesity in the US. It's so unhealthy to carry all that extra body fat!\nI unfortunately suffer from obesity, it's tough.
I am a retired programmer, do you know something about programming, have you ever tried it?\nNo, but I remember sitting and watching my mom type in several pages worth of code into an old comodor computer and all that happened was a horse ran across the screen. \nYes its really a hard work, thats the reason i retired, and also everybody is doing it these days, so my pay went down\nYes, it does seem to be common these days.  I homeschool and they even have how to code books for little kids. \nYes, i imagine in the future its the only thing humans will do.. i get sad thinking about it \nYes it is. I prefer to let my kids read things like National Geographic kids. I actually like it myself. \nYes my favorite channel is NatGeo, i think its the fact that i work from my pc and dont go out often :D
I love pasta! It is a must have for Italians! My favorite is plain noodles with butter and Parmesan cheese. \nI love pasta too and am also Italian background! But I prefer it with marinara sauce. \nButter and Parmesan is one of the oldest ways to serve pasta.\nI did not know that, maybe I should try it sometime. What other foods do you like?\nI do also like fettuccine alfredo, which is a spin-off of butter and parmesan noodles, made popular in the mid 20th century.\nYou know a lot about pasta! My grandparents used to make their pasta at home from scratch, I always found that the most delicious. \nHomemade pasta really is the best! I love italian food. It really has had a nice effect on many cuisines around the world.\nThat's very true. Italian food is so wholesome and good.
I love to bake cakes. My wife married me because she loves my cakes so much.\nYes, we all love cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat. I can't do without sugar and banana muffins \nShe jokes around that I'm The Cake Boss after the tv show.What's your favorite flavor of cake?
I am bored of my maids.\nWhy? The word maid is short for maiden, meaning virgin. Do you know how that evolved into someone cleaning the house?\nI don't know I just need a change I guess. How did that evolve into someone who cleans a house?\nI'm not sure. I was hoping you knew. In Victorian times the maids were expected to remain unmarried.\nWhy did they need to remain unmarried?\nBecause they needed to devote all their time to the household. Even the highest-ranking workers, like butlers, could be dismissed if they married.\nWoW! I did not know that. That's almost equivalent to a slave!\nIt sure is. They used to suffer from bursitis because of all the time spent on their knees scrubbing and lighting the fires.\nWhen did it stop being that way?
I love going on wine tasting tours in the Niagara region\nI've never gone wine tasting before but I know about it.\nIt is a great experience.  Not only do you get buzzed but you learn how to drink wine properly.  It sounds pompous but it really makes a difference.\nIt really does sound like a great time, as it is a sensory evaluation of the wine.\nDepending on where the wine hits your tongue it tastes completely different.  This is why different types of wine are served in different glasses \nI know what you mean. Also, wine tasting has been around since ancient times.\nDid the Romans or Greeks have wine tastings similar to common day wine tastings?\nNot really, since wine tasting has been around since the 14th century.\nWhere and how did it originate?  I always assumed the Romans had a hand in it. 
There is a real issue with obesity in the US.  Right?\nYes, obesity in the United States has been increasingly cited as a major health issue.\nWhat kind of health issues are there associated with obesity?\nWell, obesity causes diseases like coronary heart diseases, which can lead to mortality.\nWow, that is definitely not good.  What is the best thing someone can do to fight obesity?\nWell on a personal level there is diet in exercise, but you could also support organizations like The Biggest Loser\nInteresting.  I find it sort of sad that people seem to embrace this condition and almost feel proud to be obese.  I wonder why this occurs?
I'm doing my internship at a day care center.\nChild care children child minding \nYes, we work to develop early childhood skills. \ndaycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children\nYes, we do supervise them, but we also work on developmental milestones with them.\nChild care is a broad topic\nDo you care for any children?\nEarly child care is an equally important and often overlooked component of child development\nIndeed it is, and a very expensive necessity for many families.
Hi, i really like to have a cold shower \nWhat is it that you like about cold showers?
Hi! I love baking. Do you bake? Do you know much about the history of baking? \nI used to do quite a bit of baking, but I ended up eating too many of my goods!
I love baking, I am thinking about taking baking lessons from a baker.\nIm am baker, A baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads\nYeah really? What is you favorite thing to bake or what is your best seller?\nI think wheat bread and I work at a local bakery\nInteresting, I figured it would have been something sweet like a pie or a cake. 
I love rap music.\nRap is popular worldwide especially in Europe. I dont know too many non UK rappers though.\nNeither do I, I prefer USA rap.\nI love 90s rap like Snoops first album. I dont listen to too many artists nowadays especially mainstream rappers.\nSnoop Dogg\nI cant believe hes not as best selling as other artists. Hes only sold 35 million albums around the world.\nI have met Snoop Dogg before. He was really cool.
have you ever tried wine tasting? it is a sensory examination and evaluation of wines\nI have! We recently rewatched the movie Sideways, where there are some pretty funny scenes about wine tasting. Do you have a favorite vineyard or type of wine?
Red and orange are great colors\nYes, I like too. Bur blue is the best I think.
My moms family lives in upstate New York, when I was a kid I got to walk over to the Canadian side and had the most beautiful view of Niagara Falls. Only went once but I remember it like it was yesterday. Do you know anything about it or have you seen it?\nis the collective name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United \nI remember a bunch of people used to try to go down it in barrels, talk about an intense way to die. Sorry, did I just get morbid with this? ANyway, it's huge!\nFrom largest to smallest, the three waterfalls are the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls \nOk... shocked over here! Had no idea America had a Falls. They are all connected I assume?\nFirstly,Horseshoe Falls lies on the border of the United States and Canada with the American Falls entirely on the United States\nI am tempted to go, if you aren't messing with me. 35 years old and I have never even heard of it. I think everyone has heard of Niagara Falls though. Do you think Niagara is bigger? I bet that's why
hello\nHi, I'm a baker! I make bread and other products that are cooked in an oven.\ni which bakery\nA bakery in New York City. Baking is an ancient activity as grains have been a staple food for thousands of years.\noh good i feel proud of your work\nThe profession of baking is said to have begun in ancient Rome when the first mass production of bread happened.\nfor how much you selling cooking and some other food,is anything special in your bakery 
jazz music genre originated in the african -american communities of new orleans\nI love jazz and going to jazz festivals do you?\ni do enjoy jazz festival and jazz is seen as americas classical music\nYes one of the pioneers was Louis Armstrong I believe he is from New orleans\nyes thats correct the Newport Jazz Festival is also held every summer in Newport Rhode Island.\nI have never been to Rhode Island but would love to go for some jazz. Is it cold there?
My favorite color is red. It's got such a dominant wavelength. Is it any wonder people see it as an aggressive color?\nProbably because of blood. Which color has the the greatest frequency?\nUltraviolet, hence its name. But the thing I like most about red is that it's a primary color. You can't get red by mixing colors. It just is.\nOh yea that's interesting. So I assume you like Mars, the planet, the most?
It is a shame how many people are obese nowadays.\nI really feel for those obessed,is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nDo you know the percentage of people that are obese in America right now?\nWell im not a statistician,but People are generally considered obese when their body mass index (BMI), a measurement obtained by dividing a person's weight by the square of the person's height, is over , with the range\nDo you know the main causes of obesity?\nObesity is most commonly caused by a combination of excessive food intake, lack of physical activity, and genetic inherited\nI wonder how many obese people could get better if they really worked towards it.
Hello, do you really have purple hair?
So I am a big pasta fan.  I grew up on it and I don't even come from an Italian family.  Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta! It is amazing! It was created in Sicily back in 1154. \nI knew it went back a long ways, but I was unaware it was that long ago.  I like the fact that there are so many pasta dishes to choose from\nYes. There are a large number of variants of traditional dishes too. Like lasagna, for example. \nLasagna is good.  I really enjoy seafood lasagna.  Also I appreciate Cannelloni 
My cousin just gave birth to twin boys
I like to play games on PlayStation. The original console shipped 100 million units.  History made.\nI enjoy the Playstation too, what kind of games do you play?\nI like sports game.  My favorite game is Madden.\nOh I don't play sports games, I like Lego Harry Potter!\nYeah Potter games are popular. I wish better handheld games were made like when the PSP was popular in 2013.\nWe still have one of those too!  I don't use it for much, it was neat you could watch movies on it and hook it up to your TV though.
I really like the color red, its been my favorite color since i was a little kid.\nI like red because of the emotions it represents, like fire and passion.\nExactly! IT can be very romantic also, like for valentimes day\nDo you have a favorite hue of red? Like pinks to dark red burgundy?  Mine is a dark red.\nMy favorite is a light pink but thats kinda far from the color red. its just a different shade.
People don't think enough about early child care.  Quaility care at a young age can have a big impact on the child's future success.\nI agree my kids have been in daycare from 2 months and up and once my oldest got age 2 I changed her to a private christian academy education is so important. 
Hi, do you like Ferrari's?\nFerrari was founded by Enzo in 1939.\nOh really, that is awesome, did you know that the top speed of the LaFerrarri is 349 km/h?\nFerrari was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014.\nOh was it, wow that is great for them, they really deserve it!\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO is the most expensive car in history.\nHow expensive is it?
I like jazz. Do you?\nI do like jazz.  I do not get to hear a lot of it but I enjoy it,
i love girls with brown hair makes them so beautiful.\nBrown hair is the second most common hair color in the world\nWow, i din't know that could you tell me more about brown hair\nIn most people it varies from light brown to almost black hair\nYeah most of the time i cannot tell the difference, anyway i like booth types of hair\nYou may have heard people with brown hair called bruenttes before\nYeah i have heard that term used for a long time, do you know many people with brown hair?\n Brown hair is common among populations in the Western world. So because of that I know lost of people with brown hair.\nYeah i know more people with black hair. but brown hair is not very common in my social group.
I am planning a trip to San Diego Comic Con, have you been?\nYes I love CC, San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nWhat is your favorite thing about comic con?\nProbably all the exclusives.  The name, as given on its website, is Comic-Con International: San Diego; but it is commonly known simply as Comic-Con \nI am going to see the walking dead characters
I have a PS4, and have had every playstation console prior to that one too. Do you or did you have one?\nI used to own a PS3 but our house was robbed a couple months ago so we lost everything, we just got a new tv so were working on a playstation again
Hello\nHello, cool fact  Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up comedy.\nMy name is Maria.
I like jazz. I like all that America classical music.\nJazz is okay sometimes but not my first choice.\noh, Maybe onec you know the history you might give it a try. Jazz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 20's.\nI think maybe it's because I'm from New Orleans and have heard my fair share of jazz music in my lifetime.\nLol, that make s total sense. I do love the  polyrhythms and improvisation of jazz though. I could see using some of that with my vocals.\nIt's definitely uplifting that's for sure.
i m afraid of clowns\nHa! Well I have NO idea why....I mean all that creepy makeup, painted on smile, leering voice.....so did you watch "IT", the most recent version of Stephen King's novel?!\nno it is too scary for me to watch\nI have no desire, that's for sure. There was a time I liked films like that. And really, The Shining was a masterpiece with King as author and Kubrick as director! Have you seen it?\ni read the book before I seen the movie, I enjoyed both\nSo when you read the story, did you find Jack Nicholson a good choice for Jack-the-writer-and alcoholic who becomes caretaker of the Overlook Hotel?\nnot really, because you knew Jack was going to go crazy because he is Jack :)\nAnd SOOOO good! Disturbing, but good. And poor Wendy Torrance and Danny to watch Papa go Overlook-crazy...\nbut once he started to go crazy than i thought he was very good
I know it's kind of weird...but I like to take cold showers :)\nYou need to take advantage of the indoor structure of showers so I say do what you want!\nOnce you get used to them, they are actually quite nice for waking you up. A bit..shocking I dare sya\nI agree! You know there are early signs of Egyptians having indoor shower rooms where servants would bathe them?\nI did not know that, but I'm not surprised. I'm not sure when the first person got that bright idea, but it was probably far, far back
I love jazz music but I don't know much about it .Call you tell me more?
I'm doing my internship at a day care center.\nChild care children child minding \nYes, we work to develop early childhood skills. \ndaycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children\nYes, we do supervise them, but we also work on developmental milestones with them.\nChild care is a broad topic\nDo you care for any children?
I love to color my hair. I recently colored it purple.
Red is a wonderful color and is opposite violet on the color spectrum.\ni love the color red, specially beacuse my favorite flowers are roses\nRed usually has a wavelength up to 740 nanometers.\nThat is really interesting, i really like to wear red shirts and hoodies, what a bout you\nThe planet Mars is red due to iron oxide.\nwow i did not know that mars is such an interesting place like the color red
What is your favorite number? Mine is 7\n13 why do you ask?\nBecause I have some great facts about 7!\nBy all means I'm a math nerd so lets hear them. I'm all ears!\nperfect! Hindus first wrote the number 7 in one stroke as a curve that looked like 'J'\nStange but cool!
I have a family member struggling with the medical condition obesity.\nSorry to here that. What can be done to help them?\nWell to help with obesity, you can make changes to your diet. You can exercise more.\nWhat exactly is obesity?\nObesity is when there is excess body fat that is results in a negative effect on ones health.\nIs this a common thing.  I see a lot of fat people around but not sure if it is medical.
I'm thinking about coloring my hair purple. 
When I am stressed, I overeat. Last night I ate a whole pizza by mself!\nI'm sorry! Sounds like you might struggle with overeating. Basically meaning that you eat an excess of food in relation to what you need.\nRight! Are there any good ways to combat this weakness?\nYes! They actually have a few types of therapy that can help like group therapy, cognitive behavioural therapy, and individual therapy.\nThat sounds like what I need! I also think it would be great if there were some natural remedies.\nIt's nothing to be ashmaed of, everyone deals with stress in diffrent ways. I suffered from Anorexia for a long time. They have a group called overeaters anonymous you could try :)\nYes! I think group therapy is what would help me the best. I feel better when I talk about my overeating with others.
Have you ever heard of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?\nYes, it is interesting that the diagnosis is based on symptoms for the most part.\nThere has been very little research until recently and it was often misdiagnosed as Fibromyalgia. Many doctors think its linked to the Epstein Barre virus which causes Mono. Do you know anyone with Mono or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?\nI had mono as a child, but if I understand correctly the cause of CFS is not completely understood.\nIt is still being researched. I also had mono and it has led to me having CFS. It is now know as Myalgic Encephalomyalitis or ME. Have you heard of the #MillionsMissing movement?\nI have not heard of that. I'm assuming it relates to people missing life due to no cure.\nYes. It was all over the news a few months ago and created an online movement of people telling their stories of being sick with CFS and other invisible illnesses
Hello dear, do you like hair coloring?\nI have died my hair in the past for plays at school. I would like to know more about it though.\nHair coloring is also known as hair dyeing , is the practice of changing the hair color.\nI have seen some people around my school with some pretty crazy hair colors. I wonder how long people have been dyeing their hair?
Niagara Falls seems so breathtaking and I would love to visit one day. It is actually on my bucket list.\nI have been on the new York side of the falls, in Niagara County\nSo have you actually seen the falls? What was that like?\nThe three waterfalls are the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls.They are all cool to see.\nDo you live in New York? I recently visited New York city this past year and I fell in love.\nNo, live in Georgia.All the way to the south.\nYou live close to me! I live in Florida and I love to visit Atlanta, the home of "The Walking Dead" which is my favorite show.
I love the colour red. Its so vibrant.\nI do too. It really pops!
I want to learn more about jazz music\nI don't know much about jazz music. Apparently jazz originated in New Orleans in the 19th and 20th centuries.\nmmm, interesting. it's roots can be traced back to africa and europe \nYes, I see that two specific people in Belgium spearheaded the beginning of jazz as well. It sounds like jazz was started in plenty of places. Is jazz still a strong genre today?\nI beliebe it is. There are plenty of jazz festivals, jazz concerts, and jazz radio stations quite popular today\nThat's amazing, I wonder where it will go in the future. There's a movement called free jazz to attempt to return jazz to it's improv roots. \nyes, i read once that free jazz emerged in the 1950's
My favorite music is rock and roll.\nGotta love some Rock and Roll.  It's one of my favorites as well.
I just love staying physically fit.  There is nothing else like feeling in shape.  Fit people can better perform physical task like sports.\nIt feels good afterwards. That good sore you feel through your body. Do you know a lot of being physically fit?\nYes you must achieve fitness through repeated exercise and a good diet.\nwhat are some of the best exercises? Walking is my favorite because I can sight see while I walk\nBodyweight exercises do a very good job.  They don't use any outside weights and just use the weight of your body.\nThat's cool, like squats and push ups? Never been fond of them but I can do it.\nYes most of the exercises are simple abilities such as pulling pushing or squatting.\nwhat about the diet aspect of staying physically fit? Dieting can be very hard
I once swam with a Manta Ray when I was on vacation in Florida.\nNo way? That's the rays in the genus "manta" right? What was it like?\nWell I didn't realize it was there until I looked down.  It didn't seem to acknowledge my presenad and kept looking for more fish to eat.\nWow, that must have been amazing. There are two varieties of the rays, one larger and another a bit smaller. Do you know how big yours was?\nA Smaller one.  I think I would have noticed a bigger one earlier.\nThey are normally found in warm climates and tropical / sub tropical waters. I wish I could see them where I am!\nYeah a lot of people at the beach where I was had seen them a lot more in the summer than winter.
Hi there! Are you a baker?Our do i say:Do you love to bake?\nHey, how are you? I do like to bake, cookies and cakes!\nNice one! So do you use oven for backing?  Or a concentrated heat source?\nYes, I use the oven for my cupcakes and I have a mini cake baker that's like a waffle maker. My fave flavor is lemon so any time I can, I like to make lemon cupcakes. How about you?
My favorite food is pasta but I prefer fresh over fried.\nOoh, I love pasta! Lasagna is my favorite style of pasta. What is yours?\nI love Italian cuisine I just love to have it full of vegetable bell peppers mushrooms and sugar beet.\nThat sounds delicious! Do you prefer more vegetables in your pasta dishes or do you like chicken or Italian meatballs?\nOf course love it with meatballs have you ever tried yours with sugar beets it's sweet because it has high concentration but its delicious.\nI actually never heard of sugar beets before. What type of texture does it have?
Im a sports man ,Physical fitness is regular stuff I do to keep fit.\nMe too, physical fitness is really about eating right, getting the proper amount of rest and vigorous exercise\nWhat steps do I need to take to keep my body in shape?\nFitness means being fit and able to exercise and do strenuous daily activites\nSo what type of  food do I need to eat regularly?\nFruits, veggies & protein and your body should be able to function efficiently and resist certain diseases\nWhat techniques do you suggest? Have you heard of yoga?
My physical fitness begins with proper nutrition and physical exercise.\nWhat types of exercise do you prefer?
I have always dreamed of owning a Ferrari\nOh, luxury. It's an Italian sports car manufacturer in Maranello.\nOh yes. Do you know what kind of engine it has?
I love taking my wife to the bakery.  That's the place where a baker works.\nWhen did humans discover the art of baking?\nBoy grains have been around as a staple food for millenia.  Baking those grains is really rather old.\nWhich country did  baking originate from?
Have you ever worked at a day care? Childcare is generally given to kids ages 6 weeks to 13 years.\ni have not and was not in it growing up either\nWell child care is very important in developing a child's emotional and social development,\nIn 2011, the median annual salary for a child care worker was $19,430, less than a parking lot attendant or a janitor.\nThat is not a very good salary and probably representative of the gender pay gap in the U.S.\ni think it has to do with the fact that its an unskilled job, but things have changed so much, Fewer than one-in-three children today have a full-time, stay-at-home parent. In 1975, only a generation ago, more than half of all children had a stay-at-home parent
My husband is an author and we have identical twins together!\nwow thats awesome.  how old are your twins?\nMy twins are 2 years old. It is interesting to be able to see how genetics play more of a role than environmental factors\nTell me about some of the factors you are talking about.
I just dyed my hair a purplish red last friday.\nYou must like changing your hair color. What color did you dye? \nIt was called deep violet but because I still had red in my hair it turned out a pretty purple and red color.\nDid you have it done professionally by a hairdresser or yourself?\nI did it myself. I usually have it done by a professional but I wanted to try it myself.
I absolutely love to bake! It is one of my favorite hobbies! I like baking cookies, cases, and breads.\nReally! I'm not really into baking. But I do have several different hobbies.\nThat's nice! You should give baking a try. Also, baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbeque variant by using both methods simultaneously.\n Interesting! I've tried baking before, but I was little kidWhen I lasted it.I really like to use my grill for grilling meats. But I have heard that you can "bake" pizza dough on a grill.\nYes, you absolutely can, and it tastes wonderful that way! Likewise, you can always bake your meats to make them more tender rather than fry them, etc. \nHmm, So, what equipment do you need in order to cook a pizza on the grill?\nNot much, other than a pan to put it on so it doesn't fall through the rails. Ha! \nLOL, That makes sense. So, going back to general baking. What do you like to bake?
My hair is brown, how about yours?\nBrown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair, my hair is also brown but on the lighter side. some parts of my hair change to blonde in the summer.\nMy hair is changing to blonde as I get older. But its kind of a greyish blonde :(. 
I like the colour red; it's a primary colour.\nRed is a very nice color. Vibrant and looks good on cars.
I don't like hair coloring\nI really don't like coloring my hair either.\nIt changes the natural color of the hair\nYes, the practice of changing hair color is really strange though.\nit makes hair turns gray
Have you ever gone swimming with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nI have not. Is it scary?
Are you familiar with Gospel or Christian music?\nI am. I enjoy both Gospel and Christian music. \nI do too.  Gospel music, to my surprise, can be traced to the early 17th century.\nThe early 17th century? I would have guessed even sooner than that. \nYes, me too.  Actually the audience really increased in the 1920's due to the advent of radio. \nWhat about Christian music? Is there a date that is recorded for that becoming more popular?\nWell, I read that following World War ll gospel music grew and concerts became quite elaborate.  But, contemporary Christian music became popular in the 1980's.\nI am sure with all that transpired with the war, people were looking for new ways to both inspire faith, and music is always a good way to relate to people. 
i have brown hair\nMe too. Its the second most common human hair colour.\nWhat is responsible for human hair coloring and brown hair in particular 
Red is such a passionate, vibrant color\nIt really is!  My kitchen is actually red - it's at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange and opposite violet.\nIt has the longest wavelength from what I can remember!\nIt does - you are smart!  The wavelength is 625-740 nanometres!\nThat's long, I guess! I know that violet has short wavelengths.\nYep - approximately 380-450 nanometers.  Red has so many variations also, from yellow tinged to bluish-red to red pink and even burgunday.\nHair coloring
my favorite color is red 
Do you know anything about dairy farming?\nI know a lot actually, dairy farming class of agriculture for long-term production of milk.\nThat sounds interesting! I always wondered how butter was made and why humans drink another animals milk!
I love pasta! It's a staple food in Italy and it dates back to 1154 in Sicily!\nNice! I love it too! I favorite is gnocchi made from potatoes. \nAh yeah, you can also make pasta from rice instead of wheat\nReally? I didn't know that. Do you know how many types of pasta there are?
san diego comic con became this huge thing that's held annually\nWhat exactly is it for?
what can you tell me about editing?
Baking, or the method of cooking baked goods, is so much fun.\nyea it really is.\nBaking can involve hot ashes or even hot stones.\nOh yea? what else?\nBaking can also involve just a normal oven.\nOh wow i like cooking and baking using anything.\nI really like baking sweet stuff but bread is the most common.\nOh yea i can imagine thats true.
ive been baking since i was little. My mom loves when i made cakes\nI love baking too. It is a good form of cooking where Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to the centre.\nnever thought of it like that. i haven't cooked bread though before. Any tips on how to make it come out right?
I love taking showers! I do not know how I would live without the modern showers. In ancient times people would pour jugs of cold water over themselves and consider that a shower\nIt would be like living in the stone age.  WHen were showers first invented?
I love to read fiction how about you?
Man, I love some nice quality cheese. Gouda is my favorite. How about you?\nAlthough Gouda is one of the most popular cheeses, I admit I've never tried it before! I like a good ol' cheddar cheese.\nYou have to expand your horizons brother! There are so many more types of cheese out there! Do you like any other kinds?
Would you like to know a cool fact about Ferrari? Ferrari is based Maranello.\nIs that in Italy?
Hi, how are you?\ngreat how are you?\nDoing well. I'm just home from my job at the bakery. Do you like to bake?\noh I love to bake.  Baking with chocolate is my favorite.  What type of bakery do you have?\nI work at Carlo's Bake Shop in New Jersey.\nThe one on tv?\nYes. Have you seen the show Cake Boss?\nYes, I'm familiar with the show.  so what do you do there?
I love the color red which is at the end of the visible light spectrum. It is next to orange and opposite of violet.\nIt is a very symbolic color, for sure!\nYes! The Mayans and Ancient Egyptians colored their faces red for ceremonies. Roman generals also colored their bodies red to celebrate if they had a victory.\nThat makes sense! It is the color of blood after all. I think purple had a lot of symbolism back then too didn't it?\nDefinitely! Purple is associated with royalty, mystery, piety and mystery.\nVery cool. I wonder if purple dye and red dyes were difficult to make back then? How would they even get access to those colors?
Ferrari are italian sports cars.\nI love Ferraris, they are really beautiful sports cars.
I really enjoy listening to jazz. How about you?\nI do love it. It is seen as America's Classical music and I find it beautiful.\nYes, I love going to a small bar and watching it live. 
What is your favorite color, I like red. Its a primary color model.\nI love red too! 
I am a baker.  I am okay at it but not the best.\nThe place where a baker works is called a bakery and my dad used to own one as well, what kind of stuff do you like baking\nI enjoy baking bread, cakes and cookies.
Hi, I work as a clown at a local circus.
I have brown hair, quite common I guess.\nYeah it is, it is the second most common, after black, which I have.\nAnd what is the least common hair color?\nI would say it is red hair since only 1-2% of the population has it. It's a shame because it is very pretty.\nYes It is.  I guess that is why some people dye their hair red.   Do you know what makes hair a specific color?
My favorite color is red.\nmy favorite color is pink! what can you tellme about red\nIt is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nyeah nice.anything unique about it?\nIt is a primary color.\ncool! what else is fascinating about red?
My entire family and I pretty much all have brown hair. I don't know how strong of a gene it is but I'm happy I have it!\nYes there is lot of brown hair in my family too, and after all it is the second most common hair color after black hair..\nI had no idea that was a fact. I can definitely believe it though. Not a personal fan of black hair. 
I go to the San Diego Comic-Con every year.\nIt looks rather fun! I've never been to a comic-con. Do you dress up?\nYes its a four-day event so I usually only dress up for the first day.\nThat's cool! Do you know any interesting facts about that comic-con?\nSince 1974, Comic-Con has bestowed its annual Inkpot Award on guests and persons. Its quite cool if you receive one.\nI didn't really they've been having them that long. Although, I don't know much about them to begin with
Comic-Con in San Diego sounds like a great time, have you ever been there?\nI have not, although I understand it is held annually in San Diego.\nSo there are a lot of people that dress up as comic book characters at Comic-Con, which character would you dress up as?\nI have never been to Comic-Con. I understand it hosts both entertainment and comic genre.\nAvengers would be a theme at Comic-Con, have you seen any of those movies?\nI have not. The Comic Con is a four day event held at the San Diego Convention Center. \nDo you know how large the San Diego Convention Center is?
Hi there. I have a lot of different favorite movie genres, but alien invasion is one of my all time favorites.\nOh, I've never seen that. What's it about?\nI'm speaking in general terms, I hadn't really named one. The War of the Words is good.\nOh, gotcha. I didn't realize alien invasion was a movie genre.
Hey, I like to stay fit. Do you exercise?
I love the color red, because red roses are my favorite.\nAh yes. Red, the color of Iron and of Mars. But more importantly, the color of Scuderia Ferrari! Corsa Rossa!\nScueria Ferrari!  Yes! What a beauty!  Red in their logo really sets them apart.\nI'm a big fan of the Iceman. Kimi Raikkonen, the Finn in the Ferrari.\nI'm not too familiar with racing, but I do enjoy watching it on TV every now and then.  My husband thinks I'm silly because I always root for the red cars!
I love baking! My favorite thing to make is peanut butter cookies. What kind of baked sweets do you like eating or making?\nI like baking too! My favorite thing to bake is brownies.\nAh! I love brownies! What do you put in your brownies or do you like brownies as is?\nI like walnuts in my brownies. Do you enjoy any cooking TV shows?\nNo I don't. I like reading recipes and reading those recipe's reviews! What cooking shows do you recommend to watch?\nI enjoy Chopped even though they dont do much baking. \nWhat kind of meals do you like the most from Chopped?\nI enjoy when they make Israeli cuisine such as hummus and couscous.\nAh how do you make scratch hummus?
I enjoy jazz music. My African-American friend introduced it to me.\nOh wow, I have not really listened to it much, don't they play a lot of saxophones in jazz\nYeah, and its a major form of musical expression\nI see, it would be a good way to let off steam and play some jazz music! How long has it been around now?\nIt's been around since the 19th century, getting it's roots from blues and ragtime.\nOh that makes sense, blues and jazz seem very similar, are there really many differences between the two?
Do you like Snoop Dogg the American rapper?\nYeah, he's pretty awesome! I seen him in concert one. How about you?
I like baking, it is my favorite hobby.\nMe too! Bread is baked the most, and I like to make yeast bread.\nI haven't made my own bread, it seems like it is a lot of work to do.
Hey! I'm really into rock and roll music. 
I am a men and i struggle with my family because i want to have long hair and they dont let me, i have pretty brown hair!\nLong hair in some cultures is associated with being free from societies control. \nActually yes i like to feel free! im straight one of my concersn also is if girls will like me with long hair\nWell long hair is usually rated as attractive by both men and women.\nThats good to know! im a little bit insecure! but i think brown hair is still manly! blonde hair its more for girls\nThat's true! Apparently blond is cause by low level of the substance eumelanin.\nCool i did not know that, its funny because im from latin american descendanst and its very strange to have brown hair like me, everyone have dark hair! 
I am really good at written, visual, and audible processes that go into making youtube videos! \nOh okay, so you're a Youtuber, huh? That's kind of cool... I wish I had the confidence to do that. What goes into that, exactly?
baking is one of my favorite activities,  Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nI love baking too! Cheesecakes are my speciality.\nHeat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to their center, if you get it wrong it will burn\nYep I usually bake with bain maries to avoid burning.
When I took my daughter to Sea World she loved looking at the large manta rays. \nI love Sea World!  I've been many times, and I love to see the dolphins!\nI love the dolphins the whole marine and oceanarium at the theme park is not only educational but very fun for kids even us adults lol.\nIt's fun for everyone!  I usually go to the Sea World location in Orlando, Florida - we go to Disney World as well!\nI love Disney we go to Orlando, FL as well being we live in Florida so it is very close, Disney World is just so magical I can't wait to take my daughters there to enjoy the park.\nDisney World is so much fun!  It takes us 3 days in order to see and do everything!  I especially love Space Mountain!
My favorite color is red. What is yours?
Have you ever thought about red foods? Do you know what makes them red?\nWell I know that iron oxide gives mars a red tint so maybe something to do with that.\nIt's much worse than that actually. The dye Red 40 is actually made from crushed red beetles. My daughter, who is vegetarian, found that out.
My favorite color is red, I love it and try to get everything in red!\nI like red too! It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nDoes it mean something about people that have red as their favorite color?\nMaybe you have something in common with the the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans who use to paint their bodies and faces red for ceremonies! \nI haven't heard that.  Is red the most common color for people to like?\nI'm really not sure, but even China held it as an important color. They used it to color early pottery.\nOh wow! Did any other ancient cultures use red alot?
Hey are you considered obese? \nNo, but I know some people that are.  It seems pretty common.\nWell its when you Body mass index (BMI) is at a certain level. I'm glad i'm not there although i am considered overweight. \nYeah, I could stand to lose a few myself.  What else do you know about it?
I enjoy getting my hair colored.\nSpeaking of Hair, have you ever seen the musical?\nI have never seen the musical! I did see some of it on tv with Ricki Lake I think?\nYep, It's a musical based in the 60's.\nThat's cool. Have you ever dyed your hair?
I'm obsessed.its giving me real concern.How can you help pls? Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat \nYes, it is a medical problem.  You need to change your diet.\nObesity is an overweight situation\nYes, I was overweight.  I lost 50 pounds.\nIts a The body mass index (BMI) or Quetelet index is a value derived from the mass\nI lowered my BMI to normal when I lost weight.
Do you like to bake things?
I love to take showers that is actually my peace time away from my kids lol I wish it was still like old times where it was natural formations waterfalls.\nHa! YES, love the idea of waterfall-as-shower. Where would be your ideal location for a waterfall?
I like to listen to Snoop Dogg, also known as Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHe is a famous rapper, right?\nThat's right. He's a rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer born in 1971.\nWhat is one of his most famous songs or albums?\nHis debut album was titled "Doggystyle" and was produced by Dr. Dre. It was released in 1993 and debuted at number one on Billboard charts.\nOh, I remember that one.  Is snoop Dog related to Bow Wow?  They are both dogs
I am really afraid of clowns even though our modern clowns have been around since the 19th century.\nI don't blame you!  Clowns are creepy!  Hence the movie "IT".  Why do people have such a fear of them though?\nMy fear is definitely from IT. Even though clowns are designed to entertain large audience\nWhere did clowns get there start?  Was it the circus?\nNot sure but they go back to at least the 1800s when Joseph Grimaldi became the first mainstream clown\nWow!  I didn't realize they went back that far!  Who was Joseph Grimaldi and where was he from?\nWell he was a part of the British Pantomimes and expanded the rowl of the clown in that.\nInteresting.  I wouldn't have guessed a Brit was the first clown.  They have such dry humor!  Are there any other famous clowns?
It's time for me to stop being such a wuss. I need to build up my tolerance to spice. I want to use some chili peppers in food. Teach me about them
Red is such a beautiful color, it sits next to orange and opposite of violet on the rainbow\nwhat makes red red?
I love exercising, it really gets me into a state of health and well-being. Do you exercise\nMe too, I think excersising is the best. I like to run on the treadmill. What kinda workouts do you do? \nNothing beats going outside for a jog, getting that good sunlight and fresh air. But physical fitness isn't achieved through exercise alone,  fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition. Do you eat healthily?\nI do eat healthy, I try and drink a fruit smoothie every morning and in the evening I drink a protein shake. Do you think protein shakes are good for workouts? \nOh defineatly, getting enough protein in your diet is essential to good muscle health and the bodies ability to function efficiently and effectively \nIndeed, I hear it helps build up your muscles too. What type of workouts would you recommend for some serious weight loss? Ive been wanting to up my game lately. 
Harley-Davidson is a wonderful American motorcycle brand, started in 1903.\nMy dad drives a harley are they expensive?
I used to have quite the issue with overeating, especially since I had no idea how much calories were in certain foods.\nI know what you mean. Certain foods can be addicting too. and that is the compulsive consumption of a high fat and high sugar food or foods which activate a reward center in the brain\nYeah, they're so much easier to access than before since sweet foods are thought of by the body as occasional treats.\nCompulsive over eaters depend too much on food to comfort themselves when they are stressed or depressed. \nYeah, it seems to occasionally be linked to things like depression as well.\nThe 12 step program helps over eaters also, not just for alcoholics or drug addicts.\nI assume that 12 step program isn't nearly as utilized as the alcohol or drug one?
hello  i like the taste of cheese. cheese taste so gouda  :)\nGouda cheese is the best. It comes from the netherlands. its more of a mild yellow cheese and is made from cows milk\nfrom milk? for some reason I always thought it was made from goat's milk\nit is very popular around the world!\nvery popular and very tasty without being overpowering
I have brown hair, the second most common hair color, but I wish I had black hair.\nI also have dark hair. What is that you like more about black hair?\nI just like black hair because it is the most common of hair colors.\nInteresting, is there anything else you can tell me about hair colors?\nRed hair is the least common and only occurs in about 2% of the population.\nWow! What about blonde hair?
I have super super dark brown hair most people think my hair is black\ndoes your family also have dark hair - true black hair is a dominant genetic trait among people of all backgrounds and ethnicities\nI know my mom is a red head, I never met my dad but my mom said his hair color was the same, and he was very light complected like myself and my mom\nThat's interesting because a darker person usually have more individual hair follicles on their scalp so they are darker.  Are you siblings the same?\nI have 1 brother blonde and blue eyed\nIs the blond yellowish color?  Very different than brown/almost black hair!  The 2 types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin make up hair color. \nno it is very very blond, not a yellow color at all
I was thinking about purchasing a new vehicle and saw a nice red one I liked. Do you like red?\nYes I do, mostly because of the history behind the color. The red pigment was actually one of the first colors in prehistoric art.\nI remember reading that before, and it was quite a precious dye many years ago.
What do you think of harley-davidson motorcycles?\nWell I have not been around since they were founded in 1903, but since they seem to be a good company.\nHave you ever ridden a motorcycle before? I have a motorcycle, but it's not a harley-davidson.
I'm a huge fan of Jazz! It's an awesome music genre with cool African-American roots which is what I love about it!\nJazz is fantastic, although it seems to have fallen from popularity since the 50's, where rock and roll took over.\nYeaha and in the late 19th and early 20th centuries it developed into blues and ragtime too.\nModern Jazz appears to be more inspired by those evolutions than the original Jazz that was prevalent in the 1920's\nYeah it seems like it. I like how all the musical styles it's connected to lead to African-American and European-American. Another awesome thing is it's evolved into performance as well!\nA Personal favorite genre of mine is where jazz instruments were introduced back into Rock and Roll and became Ska.
I really like the color red, but it's getting old in my kitchen now.\nRed is interesting, it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light, it's next to orange and opposite to violet.\nIt seems to be a very powerful color, but it's not very calming.  I think we are changing the kitchen to gray.\nYes it isn't calming, but there is many shades of red. From yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to builsh-red s=crimson, it can vary from red pink to dark burgundy too. Grey seems alike a much more calming choice.\nYes but it's probably going to be hard to cover the red on our walls - possibly need a primer
I Love baking bread and other foods!\nme too\nI prefer homemade bread! When production was industrialized baking was automated by machines and it just doesn't taste the same\ni make lots of bread love the smell of bakeing
what can you tell me about editing?\nEditing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media\nwhat else is a cool fact about editing?\nThe process of editing can involve correction, condensation, organization, and many other modifications in order to perform accurate and complete work.\nwhat are some cool editing programs or ways to edit
I can't go more than a day and a half without taking a shower. Thank goodness for nature giving us the idea for showers, through waterfalls!\nWhen did we make the first shower?
I've grown up listening to Gospel music.\nThat's interesting.  Do you like performances that are religious or ceremonial, or just for entertainment purposes?\nI don't really go out of my way to listen to it. Growing up in the south east United States, you just hear gospel music.
I'm awful at cooking so I guess I'm bad at baking too. The most common baked good is bread and I can't even make that!\nWhat are some techniques used for baking?\nWell, one of the obvious ones is using an oven but you can also bake on hot ashes/stones. \nThat sounds similar to grilling. I'm more of a grill type person myself.
So i have a little bakery with my wife 24 cupcakes, we bake from day to night, do you like to bake?
I love all kinds of music, but classic rock & roll is definitely a go-to. Crazy that elements of it can be heard in blues records from the 1920s!\nI love rock as well! I think my favorite band is Motley Crue\nWhoohoo! That's going classic hair band ;-) You're in the company of LOTS of fans -- they've sold more than 100 million records worldwide!\nThat is awesome! I remember they had crazy hair back in the day.\nSO many of those bands did! It's tough to see that their music has roots in blues, you know? A backbeat and a drum....music! \nI have heard that all rock has roots in blues, Do you know if that is true?
Wine tasting is truly amazing. There are so many different varieties.
Do you have a favorite number? Mine is 7. \nMine is 10, the number of winners.\nSeven is the number after 6 but before 8.\nThat makes a hell of a sense.\nThe Hindus used to write the number 7 so it would look like a J vertically inverted.\nReally??? What else you know about numbers?\nWell after the Hindus, the Arabs made the number longer than straight. \nThe Arabs were the first?? I did not know that.
A good friend of mine is a German baker.  He makes some great bread and  pastries.\nThat's cool. Does he own a bakery?\nYes he does own a bakery.   Baking started in ancient Rome when they started mass producing bread.\nOh interesting, I didn't know it started in Rome. So they started the whole bread thing.
Red is my favorite color. I love wearing this color. Do you like the color red?\nI do like red! It is actually at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nWhat are all the colors of the visible spectrum?
Good morning, what a guy Superman is eh\nWhat a guy! Truly a Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books \nHe is but he is a global phenomenon! Even if he does wear underpants on the outside and not be a massive fan of kryptonite\nKryptonite Man is the name of several supervillains who appear in stories published by DC Comics,so you agree super man is one,don't you?\nA superhero, yeah. Not going to lie I have not read many of the comics just the movies
I have quite a lot of energy, but I know some people just aren't as lucky. Is their a medical condition for being constantly tired?\nI think it's called Chronic Fatigue Syndrom, or CFS.  I don't know a lot about it, but it makes people tired for long-term amounts of time.\nThat must be awful. I wonder what causes it. Depression perhaps?\nI don't think the cause is fully understood.  It could be genetic, could be biological, or it could be psychological.\nWell, I guess the medical profession had better get to the bottom of it. It must be destroying people's lives!\nI'm sure it is, but people are starting to see that behavioral therapy and a slow increase in activity can help counteract the effects.\nThat makes sense. If a person exercises it often brings ones energy levels up.
7 is my favorite number it means so much to me
Rock and Roll is my favorite music genre, are you familiar with it?\nI love Rock!  it is a popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s\nYes rock and roll evolved from from African American musical styles such as gospel, blues, jazz, boogie woogie,along with country music.\nIt did! And classic rock and roll is usually played with one or two electric guitars. but now we usually add a bass to the group.\nIn the earliest rock and roll styles, either the piano or saxophone was typically the lead instrument\nWhile elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s it was not called rock until the 50's\nBesides being  a musical style, rock and roll, as seen in movies, in fan magazines and on television, influenced lifestyles, fashion, attitudes, and language\nThat is really cool, I have heard Greg Kot say "rock and roll" refers to a style of popular music originating in the U.S\nMany early rock and roll songs dealt with issues of cars, school, dating, and clothing
I go to the San Diego Comic-Con every year.\nIt looks rather fun! I've never been to a comic-con. Do you dress up?\nYes its a four-day event so I usually only dress up for the first day.\nThat's cool! Do you know any interesting facts about that comic-con?\nSince 1974, Comic-Con has bestowed its annual Inkpot Award on guests and persons. Its quite cool if you receive one.\nI didn't really they've been having them that long. Although, I don't know much about them to begin with\n Comic-Con International also produces two other conventions, including WonderCon. Have you heard of that?\nNo, I haven't. What is that?
Do you like Gouda cheese?\ni used to before i was lactose intolerant. a guy I used to work with told me that it's named after the dutch city of Gouda\nOh that makes sense, I never knew it was a dutch cheese. Do you know how long people have been eating it?
Sobriety is the condition of not having any measurable levels or effects from alochol.\nAre there benefits to staying sober?\nsobriety is also considered to be the natural state of human being given at birth\nI know some people that are practicing sobriety. It seems difficult. Are there ways to get help?\nwell in a treatment setting, sobriety is achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol.\nHow long after consuming alcohol does it take for someone to become sober again?
hey my favorite colors red \nI like red also, but I think my favorite color would be aqua or teal.\nI sometimes like purple to because its unique since its made from red and blue \nI love how the colors all blend to make new colors, it's very interesting.\nmy favorite toys when I was young was Care Bears and they were created in 1981\nMy sister really liked those and My LIttle Pony as well.\nmy little pony adhere Charles muenchinger and Steve d aguanno in 1981 too\nI'm not sure what that means.
My favorite superhero is superman, a classic superhero in DC comic books.\nI am not familiar with DC COMIC BOOKS! What is that?\nDC Comics is a very well known American comic book publisher, they own several of the most popular comic book characters.\nOk like batman and ant man?\nYes they own Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, and the Green Lantern just to name a few.\nOh cool! What kind of superheros do you like? Besides superman of course. \nI like justice league characters, so Wonder Woman and the ones I just listed too.\nOhh what is the justice league?
I have got a new job! You know anything about conductors?\nHmm you must be pretty brave to take a job without knowing the job description. As a conductor you will be a train crew member responsible for operational and safety duties that do not involve actual operation of the train.\nWell, my uncle got me the job. He did not tell me any of this! I am supposed to start tomorrow so was trying to find out info on it. What else do you know, deciding to be nervous or not...\nGood for you! Your responsibilities  as a conductor will include: making announcements and opening and closing doors. Pretty simple, no need to be nervous.\nPhew! My mind is at ease. The doors, I can do with no issues. Safety issues is the part that scares me lol, I can barely keep my plants alive\nAs a conductor you will usually stay in the center of the train where you will be able to best view the platform. I hope you have good eyes!\nI guess I was bragging to my friends on nothing! I had the thought that I was driving the train So not the same job title there? Thanks for the info btw. You put me at ease with soooo much!. 
I swam with Manta rays once.  The are a large ray that belong to the genus Manta\nThat sounds amazing! Where did you do that and what was it like?
Are you into any super heroes? My favorite is Superman! 
I think that chestnut brown is a beautiful color of hair, but most women tend to dye their hair when it's brown. Do you think natural brown hair is pretty?
Hi there, I love showers. Some showers are even outdoors!\nShowering is the first thing I do in the morning. I've never showered outdoors, though.\nAfter a shower I feel clean and fresh. I usually take one before I go to sleep.\nDo you prefer a hot shower or cold shower at that point then?\nI usually take a hot shower in the morning in order to bathe myself and warm up. What about you, do you usually take your showers at morning or night?\nI usually take them in the morning and I tend to take hot showers, though I've heard positive effects of cold showers.
Everyday after work I buy my dog a fancy dog biscuit. She loves them, especially the drier and crunchier ones\nI love treating my dog to some treats too. Dog biscuits, especially organic ones, can be hard to come across these days.\nThat's right! They're like human snack food, so we have to be careful we choose healthily, like we would for ourselves\nI like how sometimes the dog biscuits are shaped as a bone, which makes it easier for the dog to want to eat it!\nThat's true! They look really cute when they're little bone shapes. \nYou can't always give them to the dog, or else you will spoil them. I like to think of dog biscuits as training food!
I'd love to know more about sobriety and how I can be sober\nWell, sobriety is the condition of not having any effects from alcohol. I know I don't relish the times when I'm sober, haha\nWhat does it take to be in this state?
I have brown hair. It is very common in human beings.
I am really scared of Manta ray's since i say it killed the crocodile hunter\nI want to learn more about them, I know they beach like whales, are they poisonous?\nim not sure if they are poisonous but they have a big sharp dagger on their tailes
My favorite food is pasta. It is a noodle made from unleavened dough.\nYes; I am a pasta eater too.  I shouldn't have the carbs, I guess; but pasta is great.  Spaghetti is among my favorite meals.
I really enjoy exercising and physical fitness.  Do you work out?\nI do work out! And it helps me feel great through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.\nHow often should I work out?\nYou should work out quite often, but not every day - it'll boost the immune system and helps prevent things sush as  as coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and obesity.\nThat is definitely a plus.  Why should I not work out every day?  Would it be bad for me?\nYou don't want to over work your muscles.  And being fit is the quality or state of being fit.\nYeah, I wouldn't want to overwork myself.  I do want to be fit and prevent disease and getting overweight.  Is it better to do cardio or weights?
I've got banana bread in the oven right now -- do you bake?\nYes just cupcakes and cookies. That banana bread is sure good with those mashed bananas.\nTotally.  What's your favorite thing to bake?  Do you have any secrets?\nYes Regional street food like tacos.\nI didn't realize tacos could be baked.  I suppose the tortillas can.  Tell me more about baking, though.\nIn North America, tortillas are made from ground corn.\nWasn't American corn at one point called maize?
I love the look of a Ferrari!  Are you into them?\nYes, they are a top notch Italian sports car manufacturer located in Maranello. \nMaranello?  Is that the city in Italy?
My favourite hero is superman. I know he is only a fictional superhero from DC comics but I love to read/watch him.\nWho created Superman?\nWell the character himself was created back in 1933 would you believe by a writer Jerry Siegel and an artist Joe Shuster.\nWhat was the first comic book he appeared in?\nHe debuted in Action Comics in 1938 and afterwards appeared in radio serials, newspaper and then later again on TV\nWho is his archenemy?
I love making my own ice cream on the dairy farm.\nyou live on a farm?\nYes I do, interesting fact there are about 13 million cows in the dairy farm industry\nwow that is interesting so those cows are for dairy only?
Have you ever changed the color of your hair?\nNo, that is something i have never done and i don't know much about it.
I love pasta. It's a staple of traditional Italian cuisine.\ni love pasta too\nIt's been around for around 1000 years, with the first reference dating to 1154 in Sicily.\nthat is a long time for pasta
Snoop Doggy Dog is one of my favorite dudes.
Obesity seems to be a real problem these days, especially among young people. \nDo you agree that obesity is mostly preventable through social changes and personal choices?\nI think that society has lost the ability to prepare healthy meals at home and we rely too heavily on fast food and junk food. It can be addicting. \nThat definitely leads to the United States having the highest obesity rates in the world.\nYes. I think we need to go back to teaching basic cooking skills in school, like they do in Britain. \nYes, but in France, childhood obesity is growing faster than obesity in adults\nOh dear, I didn't know that. So it's not just an American problem. I think lack of exercise plays a huge role too. 
7 is my favorite number, It is a natural number.\nI like the number 7 too!  I always bet on it at the casino!\nDo you play Roulette? Roulette on French mean "little wheel".\nYes, I do!  I think it's an awesome game and I play it every time I go to the casino!\n the sum of all the numbers on the roulette wheel is 666. That is interesting. \nWow, I didn't know that!  That's not very lucky!  Reminds me of the Devil!\nYes, that was my fist thought too. Have you try Live Roulette?\nYes, I have tried it - it's a lot of fun!  I also like playing Live Poker too!
I love the Italian car maker called Ferrari. They make some of the most iconic supercars in the world! What car brands do you like?\nI like to watch races . I know the Ferrari is a race car and is in the Formula One races. But no one in particular.\nFerrari has multiple cars... They have F1 race cars, supercars, and hyper cars. They are a brand. What races do you watch from Ferrari?\nYeah, I know. I like their road cars . The racing cars are just for racing I thought. Like the Formula one races
I try to give my dog a dog biscuit every couple of days, they're a hard biscuit-based dietary supplement, similar to human snack food.\nI give mine a dog biscuit every day when he goes to sleep.  Do you think they are healthy?\nI'm kind of torn, I think probably they aren't, but the hard and dry texture probably helps clean their teeth, at least according to some manufacturers.\nI want to believe that, anyway I don't think one every day can cause much daamage, specially for a big dog like mine.  
Do you have brown hair? I have super dark brown hair, its really long too.
What is your favorite number?
I have a twin in real life and when people see us together, I get real sick of them asking if we are twins!\nHow interesting! A developing fetus is called a singleton if they are alone but a multiple if there is more than one developing!\nThose embryos sure like multiplying! I wonder if twins are more rarer than triplets?\nWell, the twin birth rate in the US rose from 18.9 to 33.3 for every 1,000 births between 1980 and 2009\nWow, do you know what caused the spike in the rate? Is it a genetic thing?\nI'm not sure but the Yoruba people have the highest twin rate in the world possibly because they eat a yam that contains a natural phytoestrogen\nLol, you can eat a fruit that increases the chance of getting twins. That is funny. I heard there is different types of twins too like identical and I forgot the name of the other one?
I think the most common hair color is brown, what do you think?\nYou're close! Technically, black is the most common hair color. Brown comes after that.\nI would think there are many different shades of brown hair between light brown and dark brown
i love going to comedy clubs. I am thinking about going to Carolines on Broadway\nI'm jealous, that sounds fun!  It's one of the most established stand-up clubs in the U.S.\nis it actually on Broadway or is sort of close to broadway\nYep, It's on Broadway between 49th and 50th Street.\nso you say it is established, how long has it been around?\nCaroline Hirsch herself opened her eponymous caberet in Chelsea, in 81'.\nso what kind of comedians do they have, more named comedians or newer comedians?
Ferrari N.V. is my favortie Italian sports car. What do you think?\nHonestly I don't know anything about sports car is it like a luxury car?
Have you ever been to Carolines on Broadway? It is a venue for stand-up comedy located in Times Square.\nCaroline of Broadway? No,tell me more about it\nSure, it is on of the most famous stand-up comedy clubs in the United States. Many top comedians have performed there.\nTop comedians ? Any names that readily comes to mind?\n, Robin Williams and many others.\nThat's great ,what city in US is times square? That produces great comedians
I love the color red,red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nI love red too! Red is my favorite color!\nMars is red and its Iron Oxide that gives the red color to the planet\nI did not know that, that is really cool. What else do you know about red.\nThe color of blood comes from the protein hemoglobin while red leaves get their color from anthocyanins\nIsnt red one of the primary colors?\nRed is a primary color\nIs it true that red is associated with animal predators?
i love girls with brown hair makes them so beautiful.\nBrown hair is the second most common hair color in the world\nWow, i din't know that could you tell me more about brown hair
Do you like to color your hair? Mine is purple. \nI did when I was in my 20s and already getting the salt and pepper look.  I finally embraced it since I am a guy and in my early 30s!  What made you choose purple?
I love to go to comedy clubs! Have you ever been to the Carolines on Broadway?\nno i've never been to any comedy club! but i always wanted to. \nIt's a great experience. The Caroline on Broadway is one the most establish and popular comedy clubs in the US. You should try and get there some time!\nI would love to! Why is it so popular? What's so special about ti\nWell, I think mostly because many of the top headliner in the U.S. have performed there like Louis C.K., Jay Leno, Bill Kick etc. You like any of them?\nI LOVE Louis C.K.!!! He is so freaking hilarious. I love his jokes about his kids and ex wife lol\nHaha yes me to. His self depreciating and shock humor is amazing. I think he was on SNL a few time too.\nwhat is SNL?
Im a sports man ,Physical fitness is regular stuff I do to keep fit.\nMe too, physical fitness is really about eating right, getting the proper amount of rest and vigorous exercise\nWhat steps do I need to take to keep my body in shape?
Hello 
My husband owns a little automobile repair shop! Well, we call it a garage, lol\nSounds good - does he make good money on owning a repair shop?\nYes, but he makes more money with the body repair than the mechanics.\nWhat are some of the common jobs that an automobile repair shop do on a daily basis?\nWell lots of jobs entail paintwork repairs to scratches, scuffs and dents, as well as repairs to the bodies of vehicles damaged by collisions.\nHow did your husband learn all these skills?  Does he have to do internship at another repair shop before opening his own?\nYes, an auto mechanics course!\nHow much money does it cost for your husband to open his own repair shop?
I love jazz. I listen to it whilst working and studying.\nMany people see Jazz music as "Americas classical music."\nI can see why, so many popular Jazz musicians are from old US.\nWell it has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 1920s\nDo you know any jazz bands that you could recommend?\nI cannot think of any, but there are many distinctive jazz styles all over and from different cultures.\nOk is there any fun fact you know about jazz?
Manta rays are kinda scary, I would be afraid to swim with them.\nInternational Union for Conservation of Nature says that Mantas are endangered or vulnerable.  Tell that to Steve Irwin!!\nWasn't he killed by a sting ray ? What is the difference between the two ?
Do you know anyone struggling with alcohol and trying to gain sobriety to not have measurable levels of alcohol.\nI actually do. It is a difficult struggle. Do you know someone as well?
My favorite color is red.  Do you have a favorite color? \nRed is a good color, but I think I prefer pink, which is similar. I never knew it was named after a flower of the same name!\nWhat is your favorite shade of pink? My favorite shade of red is crimson.
I did not realize that Niagara Falls was actually three waterfalls between the US and Canada\nNo many people do. They are amazing though. It was my parents favorite place to vacation.\nI've never been there but I have heard of Bridal Veil Falls - just didn't realize it was part of the Niagara\nIt is a must see. Especially if you have children. It can also be a laid back couples trip. See it from both sides, US and Canada.
Right now I have bright purple hair!\nNice! Did you change your hair color by dyeing it?\nYes, I had it professionally done.\nI know that you can do it at home independently. Have you tried that before?\nI have done that in the past but I didn't want to mess it up.\nThat makes sense. Did you have a specific reason for dyeing your hair? I know people do it to cover gray or white hair. or to just make their hair more fashionable.\nI was tired of the same old blonde.\nHaha sounds like you needed a change! Hair coloring is very popular in Copenhagen. 75 percent of female and 18 percent of men have dyed their hair before.\nI'm sure it's in even more popular in the U.S.
I'm thinking about coloring my hair soon, any tips?\nFor sure. Are you just ready for a change? The main reason people dye is for cosmetic reasons.\nYeah, just want a change from the norm. What highlight colors would go good with dark brown hair?\nI think blond would look pretty good.\nI'll have to give that a try! I wonder how long people have been dying their hair for.\nI wonder too but today hair coloring is very popular. 75% of women do it.\nThat's surprising, actually. I wonder how common it is in men.
Red is the color of my soul. What color is your soul?\nI would say orange. It is close to red which is at the end of the visible spectrum.\nSuch a beautiful color. The color is fall\nI also like blue, which is the color of the sky and deep sea due to scattering of light.\nWhy is it the sky is blue unless you go up in a jet or space ship then it's clear. Total loss of color.\nIt is called Rayleigh scattering, caused by elastic scattering of light from particles much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation.\nCrazy! So much I need to learn.
Red is the color of my soul. What color is your soul?
i have  brown hair, i love it sp much\nThere are so many shades, it is the second most common hair color for humans.\nI think it is really pretty on women\nI have red hair, but one of my girls has brown hair because she has more eumelanin and melanin in her genes.\nWow that is really interesting\nThis is interesting, red hair has thicker strands than brown and blonde hair is thinner. Brown is perfectly in the middle.\nDo you know anything else about it
the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light,is RED.I love the color ,like the mars\nIt is red
I have children and like to know they are being cared for well at child care facilities. Some of these places, day cares, nannies, babysitters and teachers can get too intrusive however.\nI have kids too but I dont know If I could trust them with a stranger\nI agree. It's important that a child receives quality child care from an early age, as it impacts their future, and they are our future.\nYeah they need to be shaped as young as possible.\nYes, and I wished more parents, siblings and family played more of a role in child care, instead of passing off to strangers and the government.\nYeah I think it is important for the direct family to be involved.\nTrue. It's very sad that throughout the world that it's fairly common for children to have children.\nI think people today are just lazy when it comes to being good parents.
hi..i like jazz very much.jazz is originated from African american communities\nIndeed it did.  In the late 19th and early 20th Century.  It developed from blues as well.\noh i think so.the american and African communities involves a lot.\nInterestingly enough many see Jazz as "American Classical Music" since it originated here.  Since the 20's it's been recognized as such.\nyes.there are several types of jazz music ,like cid Jazz ,, Avant-Garde Jazz. Big Band. Blue Note \nI love how Jazz is characterized by those swing and blue notes and all of the improvisation.  It truly stands apart from other genres.\ndefinitely,the harmony of the music is very attractive.the melody also unpredictable.
I have brown hair. what about you ?
My friend has chronic fatigue syndrome.  Its sad\nI can understand tha this is devastating because it limits your ability to perform everyday functions.\nYes.  He has a lot of trouble doing even everyday things in life\nIt can be biological or infections or genetic. Tests must be performed to find out the cause.\nI did not know it had so many causes
Red is such a pretty color!  Mars is a red planet, and the red color comes from iron oxide!\nred is cool or should I say hot :)\nIt is both cool and hot!  haha!  And it is a primary color in the RGB color model\nyeah, red, green and blue
Manta Rays are large rays\nI never believed how big they were until I saw them in a documentary. They're huge!
Hi. I'm baking cookies. Do you like to bake?\nI don't think I have enough skill to bake yet, but maybe would like to try\nIf you want to try something easy, start with bar cookies, you can take the ingredients for chocolate chip cookies and bake them in a pan for bar cookies.\nThat reminds me of how the chocolate chip cookie was first created in 1938 by Ruth Graves\nHow did that happen?
Hi \nHi, I was watching the movie Superman, the superhero that started off in comic books by DC Comics, do you like Superman?\nyes, i love superman . He is the best hero of all time.
I really love cheese, especially Gouda, the most popular cheese in the world, how about you?\nCheese does have an excellent flavor, Cheddar is my favorite because it is healthy for your teeth. Medical science also recently discovered that it is good for your heart :)
I have brown hair and i love other people with brown hair\nI have brown hair as well! it's the second most common hair color, after black hair \nwhere is it most common?\nGood question, its actually most common in the Western world, especially with europe, USA and even some populations in the middle east \noh thats good to know.  do people prefer long or short brown hair?\nI guess that's just personal preference but i know the strands are thicker than fair hair but as much as red hair!\nI guess thats true.  Do a lot of people have red hair in these parts of the world where brown is ?\nI'm not sure but if i had to take a guess i would say that in europe, most definitely but in the middle east, i would doubt it very much. The cool thing about brown hair is it varies from lght brown to almost black hair(mine is almost black that you kinda cant tell if its black or not)\nThats good to know
ive never really used hair colors
I have always dreamed of owning a Ferrari\nOh, luxury. It's an Italian sports car manufacturer in Maranello.\nOh yes. Do you know what kind of engine it has?\nI'm not sure. But, it was founded by Enzo Ferrari back in 1939, and they built their first car in 1940\nDo they still make them or would I have to buy an older car?
Fun fact about me. I have worked in a bakery that sells bread as a part time employee while attending college\nReally what a coincidence. I have a friend who has worked in a deli bakery for several years now. Did you like it?\nThe International Dairy Deli Bakery Association is the reason why I am familiar with deli bakery. Good for your friend to have worked there\nWow I did not know such an organization existed. What functions do they serve or help with with bread?\nThey represent different style of bakery. By the way, are you aware of Nordic bread culture at all?\nOh gotcha. No I am not familiar but that sound interesting. What style is Nordic bread culture?
I've been diagnosed with Chronic fatigue syndrome. I get so tired and it limits what I can get done in one day.\nWhat is Chronic fatigue syndrome?
Hi there! Do you know  the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light? \nNo i dont actually?
I have children and like to know they are being cared for well at child care facilities. Some of these places, day cares, nannies, babysitters and teachers can get too intrusive however.\nI have kids too but I dont know If I could trust them with a stranger
Music in the 1980s was so much fun from what I have heard.\nYeah the 1980's was the emergence of dance music and new wave music.\nWhat exactly was the type of music coming out? Pop?\nI don't think Pop came out until later. But prior to the 80's disco was the most popular.\nI see. That makes sense. I was born in 1983 so I was really young. Was hair metal a thing in the 1980's music scene?\nOh yeah! There was soft rock, glam rock and thrash metal that was very popular in the 80's as well.\nWow that is a lot of different kinds of metal. Any other fun things you would like to tell me about the 1980s music.
I study philosophy at umass\nThat's impressive. It's a huge university - the biggest in New England I believe. How many years have you been there?\nI barley started there. I heard they had a good research facility. Is that true?\nIf spending is anything to go by, yes they do. In 2014 UMass research expenditures were over $200 million!\nWow, that's insane! How do they rank in comparison to other universities?\nThe Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching has categorized it as a Research University with Highest research activity - quite an achievement.\nWhen was the school founded?\nI think 1863 or thereabouts. \nWho are some famous people that have attended umass?
baking is one of my favorite activities,  Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nI love baking too! Cheesecakes are my speciality.
what can you tell me about editing?\nEditing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media\nwhat else is a cool fact about editing?
Hey! I like shopping at target.\nI love Target! Its crazy to think that the very first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota way back in 1962, at the same time the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in the year 1967.\nWow, i didn't know they have been around so long. I wonder if they lost any value after the data breach a few years back.
Obesity in America is a serious health issue.  Have you known anyone who struggled with obesity?\nI guess. It's hard to tell. People are usually called obese when their body mass index is high, it's weight by the square of the person's height\nI had a family member who passed away due to complications from heart disease and diabetes, both effects from obesity.\nI for sure believe in preventive healthcare, or measures taken for disease prevention as opposed to just treatment.\nPreventative measures, such as exercise and following a diet plan, are some ways to prevent obesity before its a problem.
I would love to start horseback riding. I have no idea what it entails though.\nThat's interesting, animals in sport are considered working animals.\nI would be fun, but now I'm worried it's not good for the horse since it's considered work for them.\nI see what you mean. Some working animals are called draft animals or beats of burden.\nI don't like the sound of beats of burden. What does that mean?
red is one of the best colors\nI agree, I think its because its at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nyes, and really plainly it is pretty awesome, and does have meaning behind it\nYes, in the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the nobility and wealthy so it did have meaning.\nI wonder if there is a significant meaning today?\nThe red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering which is important part of physics today.\nI am pretty sure there is red in the rainbow as well\nYou're right, plus iron oxide also gives the red color to the planet Mars. I wish I could do there myself!\nI guess I did not realize that mars was red, I thought it was an orange color
I love being physical fit and exercising. I try to keep my body toned.\ni love physical exersise! I love fitness in general. feels good to be fit and healthy\nI agree. It helps you be mentally fit and self confidence and a sense of happiness. I live lifting weights.\nHuman society has placed great value on beauty of human body\nI meant love lifting weights. Although not necessarily fair it's true good looks go a long way.
Being a African-American from New Orleans I'm a huge fan of Jazz. Do you enjoy jazz?\nI do not listen to Jazz frequently, but I would like to listen some more because I do think it's unique!\nJazz truly is 'America's classical music'.\nI have heard that before, it's definitely a music genre that many people can relate to.
I think Harley-Davidson motorcycles, an American manufacturer, are so cool but they are slightly out of my budget.\nyes i love harleys
My favorite kind of music is rock and roll. I like classic and modern rock. What about you?\ni like Rock and roll because it developed from the music of gospel and blues in the 1940's and 1950's.\nYeah, I think Elvis had a lot to do with the invention of rock. Can you tell me about him?\nDo you mean  Elvis Aaron Presley, the American singer and actor?\nThat's the one. I think his nickname was the king of rock 'n roll.
My younger daughter hair once had blue hair! She loved it!\nI also enjoy the practice of changing my hair color. Currently my hair is red and gray and the rest of my body hair purple. \nYour hair stylist must have taken a lot of time to accomplish all those colors!\nMost people dye their hair to hide gray. I did it to hide my blonde hair. \nMy daughter did it just for the fun of it! lol I dye mine to color the grey for sure!\nI've herd something crazy like 75% of women and 18% of men use hair dye.\nIt's funny isn't it! We all want a different color than what the color that we were born with! lol\nIt's big business. In America alone hair dye is a 2.2 billion dollar business. \nWow! That is a lot of money although it really isn't surprising!
I wish I had brown hair instead of black, it is so pretty. I like that it can range in shade from light brown to almost black\nI like brown hair too.\nIt is the 2nd most common hair color!\noh wow thats cool.\nIt is neat, the strands are thicker than strands of lighter hair, but not as thick as red hair strands!\noh wow that is quite weird.
Seven is my all time favorite number, it comes in between 6 and 8.\nI hear it's a pretty lucky number too! Is that true?\nI am not sure. I find it interesting that the Hindus used to write the number and it looked like an uppercase J.\nWhat other interesting facts about seven do you have? I'm quite curious.\nThe Ghubar Arabs' made the longer line diagonal over stragiht.\nThat's pretty neat. Do you know the roman numeral for 7? \nI am unsure but the Arabs influenced the European form.\nOh? Well that's pretty nice of them. I'm interested in more obscure facts about the number if you've got any.
Have you had much experience with twins.\nI know several twins, which are two offspring produced from the same pregnancy.\nYes, any idea how commmon they are?\nIt just depends on the area and genetics. Twins are either identical or fraternal.\nWhat is a fraternal twin mean?
i think Manta rays are really neat\nToo bad you have to go real far south to ever get a good look at 'em\nYeah but some are kept in zoos\nThat's true, I wonder if the Bronx Zoo in New York has any of them? Would'nt mind make a trip in that case\ni dont have any idea. 
Do you like Gouda cheese, its a mild, yellow cheese\nWell I like most cheeses so I'd probably like it, yes. Do you know where it originated from?\nIt is one of the oldest recorded cheeses still made today, from 1184, people were mentioning Gouda Cheese~\nWow that's crazy, it has such a history to it then. Do you know if there's anything special involved in making Gouda cheese?\nIt is made from cows milk and is one of the most popular cheeses around!\nWell I think most cheese are made from cows milk so that makes sense. Do you know if there's a town or city named Gouda? Maybe that's where the name comes from.
I've never been to a Comic-Con, but the San Diego one seems interesting.\nI hear it's the best one.  I'd be interested in going but it is too far away.\nMe too! It began in 1970, making it one of the oldest Comic-Cons.\nThat is the comic-con that Adam Savage from Mythbusters always dresses up in a costume. People there try to figure out which one he is.
I love doing exercise\nyes you are physically fit,  it  is a state of health and well-being\nIts makes me to be active mentally
I love the color red.  What is your favorite color?\nColor influences peceptions that are not obvious, like taste and food. Supermarkets use colors to persuade people to buy certain foods such as Yellow is used for cereral boxes.\nWhy is yellow used for cereal?
Jazz is considered by many to be Americas classical music.\nIt can be soothing for sure..do you like jazz
I am so happy I haven't ahd to put my children in childcare or daycare and have someone else caring and supervising them.\nYes, I would always be nervous about what happens during the time away from my children.\nI know that is how I felt, you never know what happens when nannies, babysitters, teachers or other providers are taking care of your children\nActual references from close friends would be the only way I would go with a babysitter
I think a lot of people want to blame obesity on the person, but I think some cases can be blamed on genes.  What do you think?\nI think that genes do have some to do with obesity with different health problems\nMe too the problems with obesity are obvious, as it can cause many diseases and conditions like type 2 diabetes and even cancer.\nIt can also lead to heart disease and stroke as well making it even harder to be active to not be obese..\nWhat really worries is child obesity, it is becoming more common and it is becoming a serious public health concern.\nI agree, children are being less active with having my electronics available to them so that can cause a bigger problem when someone may have a hypothyroid that is causing the obesity.\nTrue, I used to oppose a Sugary drink tax, but with increasing evidence that Cokes, sports drinks and energy drinks can lead to diabetes I would not oppose it now.\nI would support a tax on sugary drinks as well, it may cause more people to think about drinking water which could help with being obese and saving money.
I'm an old fashioned girl - I love rock and roll, especially 60s rock music.\nWhat's your favorite music group/singer from that era?\nI quite like Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, but I really love the Rolling Stones' music.\ngosh, I didn't realize the Rolling Stones were from the 60's. I was thinking they were 70's! I wish we had old fashioned diners around still. I've always thought that era looked like such a fun time.
I  just bought a Ferrari - what an awesome Italian sports car !\nWhoa! Congrats man. I bet it's really fun to drive?\nIt's amazing!  It was rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014!\nHow long have Ferrari's been made? Do you get lots of attention from other guys or girls?
I once swam with a Manta Ray when I was on vacation in Florida.\nNo way? That's the rays in the genus "manta" right? What was it like?\nWell I didn't realize it was there until I looked down.  It didn't seem to acknowledge my presenad and kept looking for more fish to eat.\nWow, that must have been amazing. There are two varieties of the rays, one larger and another a bit smaller. Do you know how big yours was?\nA Smaller one.  I think I would have noticed a bigger one earlier.
My husbands favorite color is red.  do you like that color?\nYes . I like the ranges of red also. Scarlet has some yellow in it and I like the paler reds and the burgundy's also\nScarlet and grey is Ohio State colors which is why my husband loves red so much!\nOh, the color of blood comes from hemoglobin, but strawberries and red apples are colored by anthocyanins.\nwow that is interesting.  \nRed pigment used to be made from ochre and was also one of the first colors used in art.\nWow that is really interesting I didn't know that.  The color red has a lot of history with it then\nThen there is that saying , red sky at sunset about the Grand Canyon which is caused by hematite in geological and iron features.\nor the saying about red sky at night..sailors delight or something like that
I used to suffer from obesity, which is a medical condition in which excess body fat accumulates in the body. \nGood for you for fighting back, I hope you feel great now!\nI do, my main motivation was to reduce my risk of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes.\nThat is awesome, how much weight did you lose?\nI lost 160 pounds! Its mainly down to the amount of physical activity I did.\nHoly cow, that is massive, great job friend, I am proud of you, I only weigh 190
i'd like to know about 7 from you\nOkay. The number 7 is after the number 6 and before the number 8.\nanything else?\nEarly in time, the number 7 was written more in one stroke as a curve.\ndoes it have the same signifance in every language?
Hey there!! How are ya?
Hi\njazz is a music genre that originated in the African AMERICAN COMMUNITIES\nInteresting. Do you enjoy Jazz?
Brown hair varies from light brown to almost black.\nHow close does brown hair have to get to black hair before it's considered black hair? \nBrown hair is the second most common behind black hair.\nWhy do you think it's so common? 
I love to color my hair. I recently colored it purple.\nHow interesting! Did you do it yourself or did you go to a professional?\nI did it myself at home. Do you have any advice on how to maintain it?\nThere are special shampoos and conditioners. Won't be hard to find them in the store because hair coloring products are a 1.9 billion dollar business in the U.S.!\nWow, that's a lot of money. It can be stressful dying your hair by yourself. I wonder how they dyed it in ancient times.
I really like the color red, but it's getting old in my kitchen now.\nRed is interesting, it is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light, it's next to orange and opposite to violet.\nIt seems to be a very powerful color, but it's not very calming.  I think we are changing the kitchen to gray.
I love comic cons. The san diego one is a really fun annual event.\nWow, they look like a lot of fun\nyeah I think so. its international and mult-genre\nOK. so what else can you tell me about comic cons.  I go to the one in Pittsburgh sometimes. \nThey are really helpful in industry, connecting publishers to distributors etc\nI see. Is there an average price to enter? \nI can't find that information but I do know it is a 4 day event\nwhat is the usual month it is held?
I love harley davidson's, so much so i attend their owners clubs. How about you?\nI haven't but there is an owner's club in Toronto it looks like, close by. What do you do at the club? \nmainly chat about the bikes, like the shovelhead engine because it looked like coal be shoveled into the engine when turned upside down lol\nHow often do you guys ride? Looks like you have specific rules about riding in a particular formation and a captain for the front and back\ni believe you're right, theres an entire section in the harley davidson museum which goes over those rules. haha. I try to get out as often as i can, work tends to scupper that though\nI know, work has been holding me back from joining too. Looks like it's the 115th anniversary for Harley in September which is cool. Will you guys celebrate?\nI'll try to get over to america to celebrate the the founding in 1903, Milwaukee Wisconsin here i come :-)\nHaha! Amazing :) You can hit the museum at the same time. Entry fee is $20, buy it online in advance
Target was founded in 1962 in Roseville, Minesota and was renamed in 1967.\nOh really? Who was the founder?\nIt was founded by George Dayton, their headquarters are in Minneapolis Minnesota.\nInteresting, have you ever shopped at a Target?
I have a friend that is terrified of clowns. Its pretty funny.\nYeah clowns are hilarious comic performers often make good mimes, if they are good.\nI have never really minded them myself. Do you know when the whole clown concept was invented?\nWell clowns have been around since we hand kings and monarchy, powerful people like being entertained. But there is such a wide variety of costumes and performance.\nOh cool. Do you know what sort of costumes are most prevalent? \nModern clowns a strongly associated with the circus clown mainly.\nThats what I assumed. Are there any other fun tidbits about clowns you could tell me?
I like to color my hair to cover gray, do you color your hair?\nDon't tell anyone, but yes, I do!  LOL  I usually get it done professionally by a hairdresser\nOh that is good I have made a few mistakes doing my own lol\nMe too!  I always made such a mess!  Interestingly, there were  $1.9 billion in sales of at home coloring in the U.S. 2011!\nI believe it hair coloring is expensive, especially the Loreal brand\nIt sure is!  I'd rather get it done at the hair dresser whenever I want to change to a color regarded as more fashionable \nI live in a rural area and there are not that many experienced colorists so I do my own\nJust be careful, if you spill it, it makes a big mess!  And I never realized until recently that 75% of women in Copenhagen have used hair dye!\nYes it stains everything!
Do you like baking? I loved when my mom baked bread and other types of foods!\nI would love to learn to bake. What is your favorite thing to bake?\nI always wanted to be a baker, like as a profession. I think I most enjoy making deserts though!\nHave you ever worked in a bakery? That sounds like a fun profession!
Ferrari N.V. is my favortie Italian sports car. What do you think?\nHonestly I don't know anything about sports car is it like a luxury car?\nOh yes, it is, it's very fancy! It's founder, Enzo Ferrari, had high aspirations for his company in 1939\nThey must go for a whole lot of money I bet especially if they are very fancy are they legal to drive in the US.\nOh yes, they are, even though they were rated the world's most powerful brand in 2014. Isn't it scary to think of such a car with all that raw power out on the roads?!\nIt really is that's why I was like are those illegal here because they could be dangerous like the Lamborghini if they are poorly driven.
Hi! My favorite food is pasta! I could eat it everyday. How about you?
I've always found 7, the number between 6 and 8, to be a lucky number for me. \ni love the number 7 too.
My brother has just been diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome.
7 has always been my favorite number. It's very lucky for me.\n7 (seven; ) is the natural number between 6 and 8\nYes, I know. It is also an interesting number (7 deadly sins, etc) and can be known to be a lucky number
My favorite color is red since I've been child. Red is also important color in China.\nI love red because it sets me apart \nOur blood is red. I am a doctor so I see a lot of red. Did you that Iron gives the red color to our blood?\nYea its so baffling why the creator chose that color for such important item \nColor red was very important in history. Only nobility had a red clothes and dresses.\nI thought the color for nobility was purple. And red for danger to make people intimidated\nWell in the Renaissance red was the most popular color. One of the first pigment made by men was red, from ochre\nIn certain places i have been to, when you see a red napkin on the window, you just know that's a brothel
I like to stay fit. Do you have any exercises you do in terms of physical fitness?\nI like to keep up with my health and go to gyms to keep up with that "gym culture" nowadays.\nDo you do any bench presses, sit ups, push ups? I'm a fan of cardio, personally.\nI like to do more bodyweight exercises where I just use my own weight instead of machines or equipment.\nI'm also a fan of pull ups and resistance bands, those can be very rewarding on your body.\nBodyweight exercises can work hand in hand with those tools to build strength, flexibility, and balance.\nHave you ever done resistance bands in your physical fitness sessions? They can sometimes be better than weights.
Childcare involve supervision of children from ages 6 weeks to 13\nI have two small children in that age range. How about you?\nI have 1 child in that age range and use to have a child around that age but he's 5 now and it also involves nannies, baby sitters, teachers, and day care centers.   It's so hard to find a good one too huh?\nIt really is! We had to put both of my kids (4, 6) into different schools just because they each specialize in something different. Plus, we have had to have help from family members when daycare times are crazy.
Pasta is a my favourite food.It is a traditional italian cuisine\nTell me more about it. I have never really has pasta befor.\nPasta is divided into two categories dried and fresh . its made in rice flour and wheat\nWell i think i will love fresh pasta. \nYes it is good.it is traditional produced b hand\nNow that am curious about pasta, the next time i visit a restaurant the first choice on the menu will be pasta.
It's time for me to stop being such a wuss. I need to build up my tolerance to spice. I want to use some chili peppers in food. Teach me about them\nMaybe you should learn some Mexican food recipes! Chili peppers actually originated in Mexico. \nAh.. makes sense. Mexican food is spicy too. What else can you tell me?
Niagara Falls are beautiful this time of year. Have you ever been?\nI have not! My parents have been several times. They enjoy going to the city of Niagra Falls in Ontario, Canada!\nWonderful. Many couples get engaged while visiting the Niagara Falls. It is such a romantic spot!\nThat would make sense, as the smallest of the 3 falls is called Bridal Veil Falls!\nWow, I did not know that was an actual name. I wonder how many proposals have happened there!\nI am not sure. There are several Bridal Veil falls throughout the USA though. I know of one in WA state, and one in Oregon. You can actually go to the Bridal Veil ghost town in Oregon and get your wedding invitations stamped!\nThat is so interesting. Your knowledge is definitely encyclopedic. I would love to visit a real ghost town one day.\nI live near Bridal Veil Falls, Oregon, that's how I know it exists. Ghost towns do a great job of preserving period-specific artifacts, specifically architecture. They are a huge tourist attraction! \nI wonder if some people may look for real ghosts in these towns!
I like baked food
Red is my favorite color.  My house, car, and clothes are all red.\nI also like red buddy, I have more red colour dresses\nWhat do you think it is about red that makes it so appealing?\nRed is visible of light, it is next to orange and opposite to violet\nIt's also the first color in the rainbow, roy g. biv, right?\nYes red is primary colour.What about pink colour are you like that\nI don't mind pink.  My daughter however, goes crazy for pink.  It is her favorite color.\nIt also one of my favourite colour .my daughter also likr this color. It first used in late 17th century\nHow about purple, do you like purple?
A lot of people see clowns as physically comedic, but I've always found them physically intimidating.\nSame here i actually find them to be very scary in my opinion 
have you ever tried wine tasting? it is a sensory examination and evaluation of wines\nI have! We recently rewatched the movie Sideways, where there are some pretty funny scenes about wine tasting. Do you have a favorite vineyard or type of wine?\nwith all the varities of grapes and strains there are a lot of types, but they are all so good, I am not sure if i have a favorite!\nOf course a lot of people use wine tasting as an excuse to *drink* wine. Really, you're supposed to just hold it in your mouth for the taste, then spit it out!
I am thinking about coloring my hair.\nWhy? Do you not like your hair colour? What colour are you thinking of changing it to?\nI like my hair , but friends are doing it so I want to fit in.\nIt's very popular - 75%of women and 18% of men now colour their hair!\nMaybe I just need to cover the gray with a light brown color.
Hello!  Alien invasions are  interesting in science fiction movies.\nyes, they keep us entertained while watching fiction movies\nScience fictions movies have been entertaining audiences since the 1960's.\ni agree, they have been my favorite types of movies to watch
Hi :) My favorite color is red. What's your favorite color?\nGreen is my favorite color followed by brown. What other colors do you like?\nPurple is a very close second. Especially very red-ish purples. They remind me of majestic power. 
I love Ferraris, and Italian sports cars in general.\nWell, I can certainly see why. And now the most important question of all: what color do you prefer?\nI like red because it's scientifically proven to have a very slight stimulant effect.\nWhy yes it is! And great choice. Do you like to attend or watch F1 races as a Ferrari supporter?\nYes, my favorite is Kimi Rikknen, one of the fastest racers today.\nI have to admit, I'm not familiar! Though I live in the one US city where F1 races are held -- Circuit of the Americas here in Austin.
I like the colour red; it's a primary colour.\nRed is a very nice color. Vibrant and looks good on cars.\nYes; there are many different shades fo red. My favourite is scarlet.\nScarlet is a beautiful shade of red! Crimson is another if I'm not wrong?
I recently saved my money and bought a Ferrari! It's an italian sports car.\nOh wow! I bet that is nice. What color is it?\nIt's fire engine red! Ferrari was actually named the most powerful brand in 2014.\nWhat else can you tell me about the brand?\nFerrari was founded  in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari.\nI did not realize it was that old? How much did they cost back then?
Hi, I'm looking to buy a Harley bike. Have you any suggestions?\nAny Harley is a good choice with their style of customization.\nNice, I want one that is really loud. \nWell, their customization can do that for you but you may have trouble with your local laws!\nTrue, I don't want to get into trouble. Which Harley is your favorite?
Snoop real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHey Snoop, nice to meet you. I'm Jazzzzy. Real name Jasmine.\nAhhh I am not Snoop... lol I am talking about Snoop Dogg!  He is a music artist and performer that came out in 1992 with Dr. Dre on DEEP COVER and THE CHRONIC \nAhhhh! lol, my bad. Didn't get the 411 on the convo. So wasn't sure what wuz up. Yeah, Snoop Dogg's interesting. Been around a while. I saw him in one of the Pitch Perfect movies.\nHe is an alright actor, not the best lol But he did sell 23 million records in US and 35 around the world\nYeah, agree! And very cool to sell so many records. Not really my genre. But cool anyway. Are you a fan then?
i work in child care or daycare\nHow fun! What do you like most about working in child care?\ncaring for children! playing with them and just see them grow\nThat sounds like a very rewarding job! How did you get started in that industry?\ni love kids! i think early child care is very important \nOf course! What challenges exist in the child care world? Is it hard to find qualified people to fill those roles?
I have brown hair,What's your hair type?\nI have blue hair, and my hair type is 4A
twins are such an interesting subject!what can you tell me about them\nWell, they are two offspring produced by the same pregancy - kinda like a 2 for 1 sale!\nyeah! what type of twins are there?\nWell, you can have identical which means the egg splits, or you can have fraternal where there are two separate eggs.  \nohh interesting. what else can you tell me about twins?\nThere are actually people in the world that are non-related look alikes - they are called doppelgangers.  There  have been several movies and tv shows that involve a set of dopplegangers like Vampire Diaries.\nive always wanted to find my doppleganger and hang out for one day lol! what else can you tell me
Obesity is a very prominent issue that even i struggle with.\nThat's true. I know when someone is obese they have so much extra weight it can be really dangerous for their health.\nAgreed. It is also a hard thing to overcome because the addiction of an obese person is literally right around the corner no matter where you go.\nYes, and obesity makes it more likely to get other diseases and issues. I know many get Diabetes, sleep apnea, depression and others.\nWhat is sleep apnea?\nIt is where a person stops breathing for a time while they sleep. Obesity is caused by factors such as overeating, no exercise and genetics.\nOhh okay. What kind of genetic disorders make obesity a possibility?\nIssues such as endocrine disorders, genes and mental orders.\nWhat is an endocrine disorder?
I love pasta. It's a staple of traditional Italian cuisine.\ni love pasta too\nIt's been around for around 1000 years, with the first reference dating to 1154 in Sicily.\nthat is a long time for pasta\nThere's a large variety of pasta, with 210 specific forms known.\ni love spagetti the best of the pastas
A medical condition where an individual has an amount of body fat that creates a medical condition and affects the health of the individual.\nWhat is the medical condition called?
I've always considered becoming a baker because I love baking!\nme too! I would so work in a bakery!\nI think it would be fun! All the pies and cakes and rolls I could make! I love the smell of fresh baking bread!\nme too! I love breads made with yeast. it's relatively recent to make bread with yeast\nOh really? How did they used to make it before yeast I wonder ? \ni'm not sure but Greeks baked over seventy-two varieties of bread! Can you believe that?\nWhat? I didn't even know there were that many varieties!
I love wine. I like to taste different types and examine it with my senses.\nReally? I don't drink alcohol so I know nothing about wine. Are there different types of wine?\nYes definitely! There are reds and whites. My favorite is white wine. It can range in color from straw-yellow to yellow-gold\nDo they taste different? What is wine made of anyways?\nYes, the reds are more sweet and the whites a little "sharper". Wine is made starting with fruit that is then fermented into alcohol. Most people use grapes but it can be made with berries too.\nInteresting! I know people drink different types of wine when they eat different type of meat\nYes they do! It's called wine pairing. I have a friend who does it. There is also the ritual consumption of wine by the Jewish since Biblical times. Like the last supper with Jesus for example.\nI know but I've been studying this matter and they were actually not drinking real wine. They drank grape juice drink (that they called wine) but it didn't contain alcohol
hello
I really love cheese, especially Gouda, the most popular cheese in the world, how about you?\nCheese does have an excellent flavor, Cheddar is my favorite because it is healthy for your teeth. Medical science also recently discovered that it is good for your heart :)\nCheddar is also the most popular type of cheese in the UK.\nI am pretty sure that cheese has enzymes and probiotics too. Wow, are you from the UK? What part?\nI'm not from the UK, I just really love cheese, so I know stuff like Cheddar is named for the village of Cheddar.\nWow, that is interesting, I never even knew there was a village called Cheddar! LOL\nThere is, and on the northern edge of the village, there's Cheddar Gorge, which is the largest gorge in the UK.\nDoes Munster come from Germany?\nI'm not sure, I have more experience with mozzarella, the most popular cheese in the US.\nDo you think that if one of us were an AI Chat Bot, the other would know it?
The Italians know how to make an amazing sports car, I love Ferrari's\nWow I didn't know we made those cars. lol\nTheir Scuderia Ferrari team handles formula one racing parts and other things, it's very competative.\nNice. I live in the US but I am Italian. I think Ferrari's are beautiful especially in red or black. Do you have a color preference?\nEnzo Ferrari, the reator was actually a pro racer himse,lf he founded the Scuderia Ferrari Grand Prix team\nCool! Do they win alot? Any what is your favorite color?
I consider myself to be rather high-brow since I enjoy tasting expensive wines.
7 has always been my favorite number. It's very lucky for me.\n7 (seven; ) is the natural number between 6 and 8\nYes, I know. It is also an interesting number (7 deadly sins, etc) and can be known to be a lucky number\nvarious Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J but vertically inverted.\nThat is interesting!\nMore so ,The western Ghubar Arabs' main contribution was to make the longer line diagonal rather than straight, though they showed some tendencies to making the character \nThat is some great information. Is there anything else you know?
My favorite color is red! I think it is bright and cheerful. Do you know anything about the color red?
I love red! I mean think of all the beauty that is red -- a classic lip color, roses, valentines, sports cars....\nYes there are so many beautiful types of red from scarlett to crimson to pink\nVery true -- all the shades are gorgeous too. Plus it truly is a color of confidence. I might not always feel like wearing red, but when I do -- it's like a superhero cape ;-)\nYes color psychology is very interesting.  Stimulant pills are usually colored red or orange for example\nThat's interesting -- and not surprising. I know it's often used in food marketing as well.\nYes.  And straight men find women in red more attractive, while it has no effect on women when men wear red\nHa! That is interesting. I wonder if that's aligned with it being a certain political party's color....as a woman, I can say I do *not* find a man in that kind of red attractive!
I love the color red which is at the end of the visible light spectrum. It is next to orange and opposite of violet.\nIt is a very symbolic color, for sure!
Obesity is a cause for worry ,what do you think? weight of 300 pounds
Have you ever colored your hair? Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color :)\nI see. No i have not. But i will like to know the process involved \nOK, well..  Hair coloring can be done professionally by a hairdresser or independently at home; most of the time it's done at home to save money\nI see. When did this start and where did it originate\nI'm unsure of the history but I think it dates back to anicent roman/greece \nHmmm. Have you ever done it before?\nYes I have a few times... hair coloring is very popular, with 75% of women and 18% of men living in Copenhagen having reported using hair dye according to a study by the University of Copenhagen.\nI see. Is there any psychological effect of hair dye? 
I love Ferrari's.  They are probably my favorite Italian car.\nI love them too. They are sharp.\nFerrari's were founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari, and the first car arrived in 1940.\nWow that is many years ago! I had no idea. What else do you know about Ferrari's?
I am pretty toned from exercise, how about you?
I have only dyed my hair once. nothing permanent a rinse really. WOuld you dye your hair\nyes I have but the reason was  to cover my white  hair\nI love seeing silvery white hair. My kids laugh at me because I have two strands and I brush my hair to make sure they show. LOL. What color did you use?\nI used black because my hair used to be all black but now it's all white and im barely 45 years old. My hairdresser does  a good job of coloring it for me once every 2 months \nOk. What do you think about using colors like purple or pink, which are not natural hair colors?\nI prefer that is dyed black because it's more professional for me because of my line of work. if i was a musician or private business owner I would have gone with purple\nYes, purple is more appropriate for a creative type like a rocker. Would you ever conside leaving it all white, it can be very distinguished like an Anderson Cooper look.
red is one of the best colors\nI agree, I think its because its at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nyes, and really plainly it is pretty awesome, and does have meaning behind it\nYes, in the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the nobility and wealthy so it did have meaning.\nI wonder if there is a significant meaning today?\nThe red sky at sunset results from Rayleigh scattering which is important part of physics today.\nI am pretty sure there is red in the rainbow as well
Hi \nHi, I was watching the movie Superman, the superhero that started off in comic books by DC Comics, do you like Superman?\nyes, i love superman . He is the best hero of all time.\nHe was actually created by two high school students, Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. That's a surprise, huh?\nThat's amazing . Their awesome. \nYes, when they sold it to DC Comics in 1938, it was actually Detective Comics. Do you like DC Comics?\nyes i do
I am a big fan of welding. Joining materials is an incredibly useful skill.\nThat's cool! Welding can be fun.  What about welding interests you?
Hi\njazz is a music genre that originated in the African AMERICAN COMMUNITIES\nInteresting. Do you enjoy Jazz?\noh yes, i enjoy it, it si seen by many as America's classical music\nWhat is your favorite style of Jazz?\nmy favourite is the call and response vocals\nAwesome. I enjoy Chicago style Jazz \nme too,Although the foundation of jazz is deeply rooted within the black experience of the United States, \nYes. True. I play the trumpet, do you play any instruments?
My favourite hero is superman. I know he is only a fictional superhero from DC comics but I love to read/watch him.\nWho created Superman?
I am thinking about coloring my hair.\nWhy? Do you not like your hair colour? What colour are you thinking of changing it to?\nI like my hair , but friends are doing it so I want to fit in.\nIt's very popular - 75%of women and 18% of men now colour their hair!\nMaybe I just need to cover the gray with a light brown color.\nIt's very popular to cover grey hair with hair colouring\nDo you color your hair?
I absolutely love the color red. Strawberries are red and ladybugs, many of my favorites.\nNice! Remember ROY G. BIV? I didn't realize there was so much science to it. Red is the longest wavelength\nI never knew that. Cool.\nDo you teach little kids ROY G BIV? What do you say when they ask what color indogo is?\nSometimes. I remember them using them to teach me growing up. I've never had anyone ask me about indigo.
I have 2 dogs and a cat. I am forever buying dog biscuits. Do you have dogs?\nI do not have dogs but my friend does and she loves to give her dog dog biscuits.\nMy bigger dog usually goes into petsmart and chooses which ones he wants\nThat is so cute. My friend has a medium shaped dog and gives her dog biscuits that help clean the dogs teeth.\nI give mine that too. They help keep their breath under control too.\nOh yeah! I also think its so cute that the dog biscuits are flat-bone shaped.\nYou can make them homemade with only a few ingredients. Peanut butter, flour, and a couple other things. I have a dog bone shaped cookie cutter \nOh cool! I have to tell my friend that. It is interesting to learn that dog biscuits date back to the early roman times. It was made of bran.\nI had no clue they made treats for their dogs that long ago!
I would like to go to the San Diego comic con one day.  have you ever been?
Do you like baking. The most common item is bread but other types of food are baked also.\nI love to eat baked goods, but am the world's worst baker! What other types of food are baked?
Jazz is super groovy, man. Ever heard of it?\nYes I have. I originated in the early 20th century in New Orleans communities! Who do you like?\nOh man, I have a smarty pants on my hands!  I love me some Miles Davis. Where did jazz originate?\nJazz is considered to be "American's classical music" to some. In New Orleans is where it originated.\nOh, no specific building or anything? Cool. Who is one of your favorite jazz artists and why do you like them?
Everyday i buy my dog because because it is hard and dry\nYou buy your dog? What do you buy your dog?\nI buy my dog, dog biscuit. It is often sold in a flat bone-shape.\nDog biscuits are probably pretty good for them. Does your dog like them?
Have you had much experience with twins.\nI know several twins, which are two offspring produced from the same pregnancy.\nYes, any idea how commmon they are?\nIt just depends on the area and genetics. Twins are either identical or fraternal.\nWhat is a fraternal twin mean?\nFraternal twins are two eggs fertilized by sperm, where identical is only one zygote that splits.\nCool, that's good to know. Any other interesting facts?\nThe twin birth rate in the US has risen 76% from 1980 through 2009.\nI wonder why that would happen.
I used to have really blonde hair but now it is very brown, which makes sense since it's the 2nd most common human hair color.\nI have naturally brown hair but had to much gray so I went blonde too.
snoop dogs real name is calvin  broadus and he was born in 1971. he as an american rapper, singer,songwriter, record producer, tv personality, and actor. are you familiar?\nAm I familiar with the smoke king himself? Yeah I'd say I'm familiar. How many records has he sold at this point in his career?\nhe has sold over 23 million albums in the us and 25 million worldwide. that is freaking impressive\nI'll say! 25 million ain't nothin' to shake a stick at, that's for sure. What would you say is his most popular single?\nwas a typo he actually sold 35 million worldwide. i cant say about his most popular but d-ggystyle the album sold millions of copies in its first week of release being platinum certified 4 times. it spawned several hit singles like whats my name and gin & juice.\nAh I gotcha, I mean even if it really were 25, that'd still be insane. Has he been in any films?
harley davidson was one of the only motorcycle brands to survive the great depression \nDo you know why they survived and not others?\nThey sold much much more that just motorcycles, and also have a large overseas market.\nWhat others thinks they sold besides motorcycle?
Being Italian I love pasta. Have you have real homemade pasta? \nI have had fresh pasta produced by hand when I lived in Italy, but have not in years\nMake it your self. Tonight I had homemade pasta with rabbit sausage. Tomorrow it's rabbit Lasagna.\nWow I have heard of making it by hand with flour and water and eggs but thought it was extremely hard\nNot really. If you don't mind thicker noodles you can make it easily on a counter top. Takes about 20 minutes, \nI imagine is fresh pasta is much better than dried pasta.  How do you make it?\nAll it is, is egg's salt, flour and water. If you can cook toast you can make pasta. 
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it is so relaxing.
I really love jazz as a musical genre.  Do you like jazz?\nYes, my favorite style of jazz music is called Free Jazz\nI have never heard of free jazz.  What are some of its most popular artists?\nIt is hard to explain it because it cannot be define and was never really a genre of music\nMy favorite jazz musician is Duke Ellington.  Who is your favorite?
i am a very bad baker
Hello dear, do you like hair coloring?\nI have died my hair in the past for plays at school. I would like to know more about it though.\nHair coloring is also known as hair dyeing , is the practice of changing the hair color.\nI have seen some people around my school with some pretty crazy hair colors. I wonder how long people have been dyeing their hair?\nThe reason why people dye their is to cover gray or white hair\nThat seems logical I will probably do the same thing when I get older and go gray.
Obesity is the number one problem now days. It's going to kill more people then cancer.\nOh it absolutely is, 40% of adult Americans are obese, it's having a negative effect on our society as a whole.\nIt seems like I'm seeing more and more very heavy people at younger and younger ages.\nYeah obesity in the united states is a serious health issue. 1 in 3 people in America are Pre-Diabetic or Diabetic.\nBeing Diabetic is no joke. No one wants to loose their feet.\nExactly, it can cause diabetic nephropathy, your nerves basically eat themselves.\nThat's horrible. I don't think the rest of the world have the issues with Obesity as we do.
I like the color red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light. \nYes red is a nice color! Red is one of the colors in RGB color model!
Red is my favorite color.  My house, car, and clothes are all red.\nI also like red buddy, I have more red colour dresses\nWhat do you think it is about red that makes it so appealing?
I really love red the colour, it exists at the end of the visible spectrum of light!\nred seems like such a bold color\nIt is very bold, it is the manifestation of electromagnetic radiation with the range of wavelengths or simply called light.\nAre there variations of red?\nRed ranges from brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet, to the vermillion color all the way to bluish-red crimson, and varies in all kinds of shade.\nhave scientists found out how the color red can affect emotions?
Hi, Have you ever colored your hair? 
One thing on my bucket list is to go to the San Diego Comic Con, it is a entertainment convention held each year in San Diego.\nI have always wanted to go to E3, the video game convention, that seems really cool as well\nWhat do you think about the New York CC? It's not as old as San Diego or E3, only first held in 2006 but I think it has potential. \nI have never been, but I am a fan of super heroes so I would like to check it out sometime
Ferrari's the coolest Italian sports cars, wouldn't you agree?\nI heard those cars are the fastest cars in the world\nYes, in 2014 Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand. If only I could afford one, haha\nDo you know how much those cars cost?\nI have no idea, but it must be a lot! The founder Enzo Ferrari founded the company in 1939, so think of the inflation!\ni cant even imagine!
Red is such a great color, the shades range from bluish red crimson to yellow tinged scarlet and everything in between.\nI agree, red reminds me of roses.\nSpeaking of Roses, have you ever heard the Guns N' Roses album "Appetite for Destruction"?\nI do not think I have! Is Guns N' Roses a famous band?\nIt is! It's a hard rock band from LA, California that formed in 1985.\nI see. And who are the band members?\nAxel Rose is the lead singer\nI think I have heard of him. Are you a fan of Guns N' Roses?
My favorite color in the whole world is red. It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nIt red a primary or a secondary color?
My friend has been sending me pictures of all the baked goods she has made recently. She must be so talented to be a baker!
Hello! I've been really getting into playing Jazz recently. It really helps me relax.\nI love jazz music.\nThat's awesome! I'm a trumpet player. It makes sense that it's so relaxing, its considered by a lot of people to be America's classical music.\noh yea thats cool.\nPlus its very cultural. It has roots in West African Culture, as well as European military culture as well.\noh wow thats pretty sweet.\nFor sure! I bet you didn't know it started in New Orleans in the late 19th century!\nnew orleans is not surprising.
Not just because it has been cool since the late 1940s and early 1950s but I love rock and roll\nRock and roll seems so timeless, there is just so much to it!
I like to bake, I have made my own dough at home before and it is fun.\nI learned in class that  a baker is someone who bakes and sometimes sells breads and other products\nCool, can you tell me about the history of baking?\nWell the space a baker works in is called a bakery naturally.\nWhat other things can you bake besides break?\nWell we have been eating grain forever. So the activity of baking is a very old one\nThat's fascinating. Do you know how long ago humans started baking?
I have a friend that is terrified of clowns. Its pretty funny.\nYeah clowns are hilarious comic performers often make good mimes, if they are good.\nI have never really minded them myself. Do you know when the whole clown concept was invented?\nWell clowns have been around since we hand kings and monarchy, powerful people like being entertained. But there is such a wide variety of costumes and performance.\nOh cool. Do you know what sort of costumes are most prevalent? 
I love rap music\nSnoop Dog is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr\nYeah I would kind of hope his real first name isn't Snoop\nHis music career began in 1992\nAh, he has been around for a while.
i work in child care or daycare\nHow fun! What do you like most about working in child care?\ncaring for children! playing with them and just see them grow\nThat sounds like a very rewarding job! How did you get started in that industry?
hello  i like the taste of cheese. cheese taste so gouda  :)\nGouda cheese is the best. It comes from the netherlands. its more of a mild yellow cheese and is made from cows milk\nfrom milk? for some reason I always thought it was made from goat's milk
jazz music is a very interesting sound and interesting genre. what can you tell me about it\nI like jazz too. It originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries\nawesome im from there. i basically invented jazz then. but anyways where is jazz famous like countries?\nIt is popular around the world. As it spread across the globe, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles\nJazz
i have brown hair but i dye it black
Hi! My favorite food is pasta! I could eat it everyday. How about you?\nMe too! I love Pastas that are  dried and I sometimes like fresh pasta too. Whats your favorite kind?\nAwesome! I love rigatoni!  It's great with a white sauce!
I have two aunts who are twins. Apparently the US and europe have similar rates of twin birth - 9 to 16 per 1000 lives.\nWow I had no idea the rate was so low, do you know what kind of different twins are possible? I think fraternal is one kind for instance.
So if you don't own a harley what do you own?\nI dont have a motor cycle, but I do love them especially a Harley Davidson the American Made cycle\nYeah they are crazy awesome! I love to watch a whole bunch of them ride at once
I love the colour red. Its so vibrant.\nI do too. It really pops!\nWe couldnt have any cool RGB things in our computers without it. Its one of the primary colors.\nWhat does it mean to be a primary color?\nIt means that with the use of combination of those 3 colors you can make almost any color. Red sits at the end of the spectrum, close to orange, but opposite of violet.\nOh ok, I understand. What are the other primary colors?\nGreen and blue make up the other two colors of the RGB color model.\nOh really? I always though it was yellow.
Do you like hair colouring?\nNot really I am bald\n hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color\nthere are lots of different colours available now, which is your favourite?
My dad is a huge fan of showtime networks but i dont even remember what type of content they produce. Do you?
I have brown hair - the most common color other than black\nI think my is black but it might just be really dark brown\nEumelain is what causes dark hair - the more of it there is the darker the hair\nOh really? I guess I must have a lot of it then.\nHair coloring is very popular now.  75% of women in Copenhagen have used hair dye\nDang thats quite excessive, not really necessary.
I've been coding all day, creating what I think is computer software, but my eyes are too glazed over to tell anymore.\nCoding sounds so interesting!  I wish I knew more about it!\nThere's certainly a lot to learn. There's C, C++, C#, Java, and a million other languages that all interact in different ways with each other.\nOh wow!  When did people start coding?\nDepends on what you consider coding, but in 1842, Ada Lovelace created an algorithm to calculate Bernoulli numbers in an analytical engine.\nShe sounds fascinating!  Can you tell me any more about her?
I love going to the bakery and seeing the baker cook stuff. Do you know any cool stuff about bakers? \nGrains have been a staple food for millennia, baking is a very old one! \nThats neat, I bet that baking has a very long heritage, Did people in the stone age know how to bake food? \nI don't think they did, but by the 5th and 6th centuries the ancient Greeks were using ovens. Most communities had one large shared oven.\nwow the greeks had ovens? thats really cool. What kind of ovens did they use? Was it coal or fire? 
I don't know a lot about motorcycles but I have heard of Harley-Davidson \nYeah, the Harley-Davison motorcycles are awesome. They're an American motorcycle founded in Milwaukee in 1903. My dad drives one!\nAwesome! Are they the most popular motorcycle brand in the US?\nDefinitely! They're also one of two American motorcycle companies to survive the Great Depression. The company has been going strong for years making good bikes.\nThat is interesting. Is this brand common in the rest of the world?\nYes, they have factories all over the world. York, Pennsylvania; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Kansas City, Missouri; Manaus, Brazi. Just to name a few places. They're a popular biker club motorcycle.\nWho is their biggest competitor?\nI don't know to be honest! Yamaha and Kawasaki both are very popular motorcycle brands. But Harley-Davidson also makes merchandise, home decor, ornaments and accessories.   \nI didn't know they made so many other products. What kind of home decor?
Obesity is such a big issue, especially with the whole body positivity movement. It is a medical condition that involves having a large excess of body fat.\nOh yes, I can see it every day. Part of it is out of laziness, and part is due to the sedentary lifestyle most of us have, I think
Red is such a great color!\nRed is a dynamic and exciting color that many see as romantic.
I have brown hair that's so light that when you look at it under certain types of light, it looks blonde!\nHey, me too!  It is pretty common to have brown hair, you know.  It's the second most common color.\nI don't know if I want to be common though. Should I dye it so it's not brown anymore?\nWell if you want to get away from brown hair, why not try an unnatural color like cadet blue or purple?\nBecause if I dye it cadet blue, I'm worried that means I'll have to join the Air Force.\nOh!  you could perhaps move away from Europe and North America and move to, say Japan where it is way less common.  You'd stand out more!\nBrown hair or not, I don't know about all that. Foreigner worship doesn't sound like something I'd be interested in...
twins are such an interesting subject!what can you tell me about them\nWell, they are two offspring produced by the same pregancy - kinda like a 2 for 1 sale!\nyeah! what type of twins are there?
Everyday after work I give my dog a biscuit. She likes them a lot. I think she likes how crunchy they are, as biscuits are hard and dry.\nooook?? well that's nice to know. are dog biscuits good for dogs?
Baking is such a fun passtime, plus you get baked goods when they're done.
I love italian food especially Pasta which first was served in Sicily in 1154\nItalian food is delicious, what was the first pasta served?\nThere are over 310 diffeernt types of pasta known by over 1300 names, so its hard to know what was the first served\nOh wow that is a lot there.  What is the most popular type in Italy?
My favorite color is red. It's got such a dominant wavelength. Is it any wonder people see it as an aggressive color?\nProbably because of blood. Which color has the the greatest frequency?
Hello, do you really have purple hair?\nNo but I like hair dyeing.\nI see, are you a hair stylist? Or is it just something you enjoy doing?\nI am a hairdresser that does hair coloring.\nOh that sounds neat, how long have you been doing that? Did you go to school? \nI studied cometology in school. It is beauty treatment.\nYes it is. I have a cousin who is also a hairdresser. She seems to like her job. Do you think more people get their hair dyed these days than compared to let's say, 20 years ago?
I have brown hair.\nMe too! Pretty much everybody in my family does, since we're all descendants of central Europeans.\nMost of my family has brown hair also.\nHave you ever tried to dye it? I attempted to dye my hair blue before, but it didn't take since my hair is so dark. I would probably have to bleach it to make it work.\nI have dyed my hair a few times with success. In order to do colorful or bright, it would need to be bleached first.\nYeah, that's probably the best idea. I'm a bit intimidated by trying to bleach it at home, though. I'd probably just go to a hairdresser at a salon to do it for me.\nUsing a hairdresser is probably the best option. I would be afraid to do it on my own.\nMe too!!! At least a hairdresser has some degree of training. If I can't manage to do it myself, might as well go to somebody licensed for it\nMy thoughts exactly!
I really love comic books. Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con? \nI know it's held annually, but I've never been.  Tell me about it!\nPeople from all over the country, and sometimes other countries, show up and wait in lines for hours to meet famous artists and actors. 
Not just because it has been cool since the late 1940s and early 1950s but I love rock and roll\nRock and roll seems so timeless, there is just so much to it!\nThat reminds me of that song, "I love Rock and Roll" by Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, now it will be stuck in my head lol.\nHaha, I forgot about that one,  I wonder how old that song is
I once swam with a Manta Ray when I was on vacation in Florida.\nNo way? That's the rays in the genus "manta" right? What was it like?\nWell I didn't realize it was there until I looked down.  It didn't seem to acknowledge my presenad and kept looking for more fish to eat.
I was thinking about purchasing a new vehicle and saw a nice red one I liked. Do you like red?\nYes I do, mostly because of the history behind the color. The red pigment was actually one of the first colors in prehistoric art.\nI remember reading that before, and it was quite a precious dye many years ago.\nAbsolutely, the history extends even to the Ancient Egyptians and Mayans, who colored their faces red during ceremonies!\nIt's amazing how the color can have so many different meanings, depending on the context.\nNot only so many meanings, but so many different hues itself, ranging from yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson even!\nTrue! I guess I mean how some see red and think of desire, others think of danger...
I love rock and roll music! It originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s, from African American musical styles such as gospel, jump blues, jazz, boogie woogie, and rhythm and blues, along with country music.\nwhos your favorite musician?\nI love The Beatles! Rock and roll did not acquire its name until 1954.\nnice did not know that.  I'm more into the later music 90s and 2000s.\nInteresting. Music in the 2000s saw the creation or emergence of a few styles, such as indie-related genres such as Emo, Alternative R&B, and a multitude of new electronic subgenres, most notably Dubstep.\nSome great music has come out of that.  Hoepfully it just keeps getting better.\nI agree! The convergence of different styles was one of the more defining features of the 2000s, as seen with the creation and commercial success of the British Grime genre and Trap music and Chillwave in the United States.\nI'm just glad theres sites like amazon prime music so i can listen to variety and take them with me on my cell phone.
I love jazz. I listen to it whilst working and studying.
i wish i could lose weight, i'm so obese \ni have some excess body fat as well. so i feel you on that\ni don't even know how i became so obese\ni don't know your situation but obesity is most commonly caused by exessive food intake, lack of physical activity and even genetic susceptibility\ni do workout but i think i overeat. I tend to eat a lot when i'm stressed\nit's more common than you think. I feel like food is so comforting! I strongly advice you to see a professional and start losing weight because obesity increases the likelihood of type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea even certain types of cancers\nthat's really scary. thank you for the helpful info
Whats your favorite color , do you like the color red \nYes, I like the color red. But it's often associated with anger.\nreally , how so tell me more \nIt's called color psychology.\nsounds deep , i love all colors since im an artist my favorite color is orange \nThen are you familiar with color theory?\nno i am not, i love art but not knowledgeably on that 
Do you know much about the San Diego Comic-Con - or Comic Con in general?\nI know that its a is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention, do you like visiting comic-cons?\nI've never been - but I think my kids and husband would like to go to one.\nIt is a four-day event (ThursdaySunday) held during the summer, so it can be a pretty interesting summer vacation for your family :D\nI would imagine there are many of interesting people there, in addition to the celebrities.\nyes there are a lot of professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests every year, so famous people are really common \nIt would be interesting if some of the actors from the Marvel movies would be there.
Hi there! Are you a baker?Our do i say:Do you love to bake?\nHey, how are you? I do like to bake, cookies and cakes!
I love Jazz music it is so soothing and the sound just makes you want to dance all night. \nI know it is considered to be "America's classical music."  But I don't know a lot about it. \nIt is originated back in the late 1900's I know a little about the sound because my granddad played the genre alot. \nCool. I know it is considered "one of America's original art forms." Do you have a favorite Jazz musician?\nOf course you should listen to Nina Simone she is a great women Jazz singer her voice is amazing. \nI understand she was a genius at incorporating so many musical styles, like classical, jazz, blue, folk, gospel, and more. \nYes so you have heard of her before she is great another favorite of mines is Ella Fitzgerald.
My favorite food is pasta, its the staple of traditional italian cuisine, i like carbonara the most\nI love pasta, what is Carbonara, is it the type of noodle itself?\nCarbonara is a pasta dish from rome, its made with an egg, hard cheese, bacon and pepper, its really grat!\nWhat is hard cheese? Like a block cheese like cheddar? I love eggs, I can see myself liking eggs and noodles together.
When I am stressed, I overeat. Last night I ate a whole pizza by mself!
Gospel music is a genre of Christian soul songs . I just love it dont you?\nI don't personally like religious music that much myself.  When did Gospel music first come about?\nThe creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies by location. and it has been around since the 30's\nDo you have your own personal favorite gospel band?
Seems like hair coloring is really popular among college girls from what I've seen.
My favorite color is red. What is yours?\nPink is my favorite, you may have not known but it's considered a pale red.\nThat is true! Pink is indeed a shade of red. I guess if I were specific, I'd say my favorite color is "blood" red. \nBlood red is a pretty nice color of red, I prefer the darker reds like crimson as well.\nMe as well, I love darker colored reds. Speaking of which, do you enjoy red wines?
Hey so what do you like about Jazz?
I love the color red.  What is your favorite color?\nColor influences peceptions that are not obvious, like taste and food. Supermarkets use colors to persuade people to buy certain foods such as Yellow is used for cereral boxes.\nWhy is yellow used for cereal?\nStudies show that yellow has people crave certain foods and you'll also notice the floor of supermarkets are also similar in color. Its funny you said red because this is also very common as it brings the attention of customers. How come you like red so much?\nI just think its a bright red fun color.  I used to have a red VW Bug
let me tell you something... childcare is so expensive!!
My brother recently went on vacation and said he saw a manta ray when he was on a boat in the ocean.
Red is my favorite color, it's so powerful and aggressive I feel like.\nRed is a great color! Plant's don't grow too good under it but its at the end of the visible light spectrum!\nReally, do you know exactly what wavelength the color red occurs at?\nIt can vary but it's approximately 625-740 nanometers n width. It's very wide!\nOh wow that is a big range. Red has so many hues too, it's such an interesting color.\nYeah, it's cyan's complementary color too, which happens to be a favorite shade of blue of mine.\nThat's really neat, I think red has a large psychological component to it also, do you know anything about the psychology of colors?
Have you ever swam with a manta ray? I saw some while snorkeling once.\nHave you ever been in the water with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nYes I have been in the water with rays before. They are majestic creatures.\nWhere were you in the water when you encountered the ray? I know they are found in temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.\nI was in Cozumel Mexico. We were on a snorkeling trip and say a school of eagle rays. They move so smooth and gracefully through the water.\nI find it kind of cool that they are filter feeders which means they eat zooplankton which they swallow as they swim with their mouths open! lol\nI did not know that, don't whales eat in a similar manner?
I'm thinking of making a key lime pie today. I love baking! \nMe too. A baker bakes and often sells breads using an oven or other heated device.\nI'm just a humble home baker. I make things just for my family and friends to enjoy. 
I love comedy clubs, one of my favorite is carolines on broadway.\nI've never been there but heard it is a great place. Who is your favorite comedian?
I love the look of a Ferrari!  Are you into them?
Red is such a great color, the shades range from bluish red crimson to yellow tinged scarlet and everything in between.\nI agree, red reminds me of roses.
Do you do any water sports, such as kayaking or canoeing?\nI love to canoe! What about you?
I'm not a big fan of gospel music but I occasionally hear it on long road trips. \nYea its not my favorite, Gospel music is a type of Christian music\nYeah they used to play it in my youth group a long time ago when i used to go to church. \nOne feature of Gospel music is dominant vocals with Christian lyrics\nOh so it's like when I see those choir ladies singing in movies then?\nExactly! and most rely on hand clapping and foot stomping \nWhat other kind of music do churches usually have?\nGospel music got its start in the 17th century\nWow I didn't realize that it was that old. 
Baking is such a fun passtime, plus you get baked goods when they're done.\nBaking is a lot of fun, I really like making bread, it's lots of work but well worth it!\nBread is one of my favorite things to bake too!\nI wish I could call myself a baker, that would be an awesome job\nIf it made more money than being an engineer than I would bake forever.\nWell I am sure with the industrialization of baking, they hire fewer people and use machines in huge factories\nIt's sad that less bread is made in a less fake, manufactured way.\nIt is sad, most food we eat is so processed, It is not hard to use an oven and bake food in it\nThat's fair, pretty much everything we have has preservatives and other chemicals for better or worse.
I am a men and i struggle with my family because i want to have long hair and they dont let me, i have pretty brown hair!\nLong hair in some cultures is associated with being free from societies control. \nActually yes i like to feel free! im straight one of my concersn also is if girls will like me with long hair
I'm thinking of making a key lime pie today. I love baking! 
I wish i can learn baking, it is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat\nOh well, I wouldn't mind eating a well baked sugar muffin with my latte this morning
Pasta dishes are some of the best Italian food.\nWhat kind of pasta dishes do you think are the best?
I like to bake in my spare time. Do you?\nYes i love it! Cooking with dry heat in an oven is awesome. What type of things do you like to make?\nI have a huge sweet tooth so lots of baked goods (cakes, cookies, etc.) I also like cooking different things like stews and broths\nI love to make baked bread. It's probably the most common thing people like to make. A classic for sure! You ever eat fresh baked bread?\nYup! I actually used to have one of those bread makers too lol. I haven't eaten as much bread as I used to though. It messes with my diet\nIt takes some practice to make. Because the heat slowly is transferred from the outside to the inside, it's hard to tell if they are cooked all the way through sometimes.\nTrue. It's the same way with a lot of baked goods as well in that respect 
Snoop dog is my idol, he is my favorite artist in the world.
I love being physical fit and exercising. I try to keep my body toned.\ni love physical exersise! I love fitness in general. feels good to be fit and healthy\nI agree. It helps you be mentally fit and self confidence and a sense of happiness. I live lifting weights.\nHuman society has placed great value on beauty of human body\nI meant love lifting weights. Although not necessarily fair it's true good looks go a long way.\nit's actually so interesting that some time ago "fitness" was defined as the capasity to carry out the day's activities\nReally interesting. That is cool to know. Carrying out today's activities have a different meaning to me.\nnow fitness is considered a measure of the body's ability to function efficiently to be healthy and resist diseases\nI can see how that makes sense. Having a strong body should help the body resist diseases and parasites.
topic is good\nWhat is the topic?
Seems like hair coloring is really popular among college girls from what I've seen.\nChanging hair color seems to be pretty big among some demographics\nYeah definitely, it may be controversial but it seems like bisexual/transgender/gay women do it all the time, at least from what I've seen.\nMany hair colorings are done professionally.\nIt must look really good when done by a pro.\nI agree, but sometimes it can be done independently within the home.\nOh I know, I dyed my hair once for a gag haha.\nHair dyeing is a modern art form almost, it seems\nThat's quite bold but fair.
Obesity seems to be a real problem these days, especially among young people. \nDo you agree that obesity is mostly preventable through social changes and personal choices?\nI think that society has lost the ability to prepare healthy meals at home and we rely too heavily on fast food and junk food. It can be addicting. 
I love the color Red! It is so bright and vibrant!\nRed is the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange, it is actually a very interesting color\nWhat 2 colors can you mix together to make red?\ni am not sure but,  The red colour of blood comes from protein hemoglobin\nWhat else can you tell me about the color red?\nThe Iron oxide also gives the red color to the planet Mars\nThat is interesting. That is right Mars is called the Red Planet!
Yamaha makes some of the best motorcycles\nYou are right, can u tell me some of their products?
Red is such a great color!\nRed is a dynamic and exciting color that many see as romantic.\nAgreed, red is also on the opposite side of the spectrum as violet.\nRed is a primary color as well. It just goes so well with many color combinations.\nOh I know, red also has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.\nWow, so I wonder if the darker the color the more dominant the wavelength is.
I had my hair professionally colored to purple. Have you ever considered coloring your hair?\nWow that's definitely cool! I think hair dye is definitely a great way to express yourself! Whenever I was younger I colored my hair blond!\nThat's great! Hair coloring actually goes back far in history, a Greek historian Diodorus Siculus even mentioned how the Celtics dyed their hair blonde.\nWow, I had no idea, that's pretty cool. How old were you when you decided you wanted to dye it and how old were you when you actually ended up doing it?\nWell I was 22 when I wanted to do it, and then I waited until I was 23, so not very long.\nWell that's awesome, it's cool you actually did it. How has the overall reaction from people been since you've colored it?
Child care is the act of looking after a child. Many working parents will put their children in child care.\nyes and child care can be as expensive as college\nYes it can. But it provides parents the opportunity to work and make more money for the family, and allows children to begin their education sooner.\nAbsolutely and it helps the children socialize
Hey, so what do you do in terms of physical fitness?\nI do a diversified thing but i make sure i take my proper nutrition in control. \nThat's good. Yeah I try to eat healthy whenever possible but sometimes it is kind of hard. I also try to go to the gym at least once a week.\nBut do you know people can survive forty days without food but it is largely dependent on the water consumed\nI didn't know that. You would have to be in peak physical shape to make it that long though. \nYes, it is called water fasting \nSo do you work out often? Do you prefer to do cardio like running, or strength like lifting weights?
Brown hair is the second most common human hair color\n What did you say that?\nThe color  can  be anything  from light brown to almost black hair.\nBut almost black hair is not brown
I'm not a big fan of gospel music but I occasionally hear it on long road trips. \nYea its not my favorite, Gospel music is a type of Christian music\nYeah they used to play it in my youth group a long time ago when i used to go to church. \nOne feature of Gospel music is dominant vocals with Christian lyrics\nOh so it's like when I see those choir ladies singing in movies then?\nExactly! and most rely on hand clapping and foot stomping \nWhat other kind of music do churches usually have?
I love Gospel music,it inspires me alot\nMe too! It usually involves dominant vocals and harmony, which is the best part about it. I'm really not into the God part personally.\nHow about you favorite gospel artist?
I am a big fan of welding. Joining materials is an incredibly useful skill.\nThat's cool! Welding can be fun.  What about welding interests you?\nArc welding is fairly striking to me. Gas tungsten arc welding can produce great welds\nArc welding? I've never heard of that. What is Arc Welding?\nArc welding involves using metal to join metal via electricity and heat\nThat's cool! I didn't know welding involves electricity? How in the world do you use electricity to weld? 
Have you ever thought about red foods? Do you know what makes them red?\nWell I know that iron oxide gives mars a red tint so maybe something to do with that.\nIt's much worse than that actually. The dye Red 40 is actually made from crushed red beetles. My daughter, who is vegetarian, found that out.\nI did not know that, is that when you don't eat any meat like chicken or steak?\nYes, but as she has learned more, I have also. Gelatin in foods (Jello) is made from boiled animal bones. I'm not vegetarian, but even I limit red foods and gelatin now.\nI understand. I like red sky at sunset. It comes from rayleigh scattering. \nThey say red sky at night is a sailor's delight, but red sky in morning, sailors take warning.
I've been coding all day, creating what I think is computer software, but my eyes are too glazed over to tell anymore.\nCoding sounds so interesting!  I wish I knew more about it!\nThere's certainly a lot to learn. There's C, C++, C#, Java, and a million other languages that all interact in different ways with each other.\nOh wow!  When did people start coding?\nDepends on what you consider coding, but in 1842, Ada Lovelace created an algorithm to calculate Bernoulli numbers in an analytical engine.\nShe sounds fascinating!  Can you tell me any more about her?\nSure, she was really the first person to realize that a simple device for calculation had far more applications than its original stated purpose.\nIt must have been tough for her, as a woman back then.  Are there any other people well known for coding?
I have 2 dogs and a cat. I am forever buying dog biscuits. Do you have dogs?\nI do not have dogs but my friend does and she loves to give her dog dog biscuits.\nMy bigger dog usually goes into petsmart and chooses which ones he wants\nThat is so cute. My friend has a medium shaped dog and gives her dog biscuits that help clean the dogs teeth.\nI give mine that too. They help keep their breath under control too.
My favorite number is 7
Hi - My husband is a career soldier. He is currently stationed in Japan.
I am originally from Venezuela and everyone there has dark hair, ive been blessed with brown hair! what color is your hair?
Have you ever thought about red foods? Do you know what makes them red?\nWell I know that iron oxide gives mars a red tint so maybe something to do with that.\nIt's much worse than that actually. The dye Red 40 is actually made from crushed red beetles. My daughter, who is vegetarian, found that out.\nI did not know that, is that when you don't eat any meat like chicken or steak?\nYes, but as she has learned more, I have also. Gelatin in foods (Jello) is made from boiled animal bones. I'm not vegetarian, but even I limit red foods and gelatin now.
I visited some historical sites in Utah last month. A lot of the prehistoric art was red. That's one of my favorite colors :)\nOh really? I like red too. I think my favorite shade is cherry red.\nThere's so many shades to choose from lol. I like all of them from pale red to dark red burgundy. I think my favorite is vermillion, though.\nI've never heard of vermillion. Is that a dark or light red?\nIt is a very bright shade. Not too light and not too dark. A smidge lighter that Crayola red.\nAh okay. It would be cool to have a Ferrari made in that color.
I have a family member struggling with the medical condition obesity.\nSorry to here that. What can be done to help them?\nWell to help with obesity, you can make changes to your diet. You can exercise more.\nWhat exactly is obesity?\nObesity is when there is excess body fat that is results in a negative effect on ones health.\nIs this a common thing.  I see a lot of fat people around but not sure if it is medical.\nIts somewhat common. The most common casues of obesity is a combination of lack of physical activity, excessive food intake, and genetics.\nBy the way I'm fat too.  Should I see a doctor about this obesity thing?
Sometimes i wish i was Superman, the DC Comic book superhero.\nI am actually more of a Marvel Comic book fan.  \nSometimes when i daydream, i wish i was Shazam, the Marvel comic book superhero.\nWhat about those superheros interest you?\nIf i was a superhero, I would be able to fight SAVAK, the Iranian intelligence agency once run by Hossein Fardoust.\nInteresting choice. If I was a superhero, I would like to be the Flash. What superhero movies have you watched?\nThe last film i watched was about operation "TPAJAX", about the coup in 1953 that overthrew democracy in Iran and installed the shah.\nThat is so cool. I have never watched that movie, but I will research on it in a little. Any other superhero movies?\nWhile it is not a movie, i did see "The Coon", the second episode of the thirteenth season of South Park\nSouth Park is hilarious. So you like comedy hero movies as well?
I love Ferraris, and Italian sports cars in general.\nWell, I can certainly see why. And now the most important question of all: what color do you prefer?\nI like red because it's scientifically proven to have a very slight stimulant effect.\nWhy yes it is! And great choice. Do you like to attend or watch F1 races as a Ferrari supporter?
I like the color red.\ni don't really like the color red it's to bright in my opinion\nMy favorite color is blue but I like red because my hair is red
I love the color red.  What is your favorite color?
A lot of people see clowns as physically comedic, but I've always found them physically intimidating.\nSame here i actually find them to be very scary in my opinion \nI think since a lot of cultures have their own styles and variations in costumes when it comes to clowns, some may be creepier than others.\nYeah thats very true.  Is there anything else you can tell me about clowns?\nThe way they entertain is usually from a distance by design, which is especially suited for large audiences.  The farther away the better.\nThanks for the information i had no idea.  Maybe one day i will go see a clown show and face my fears. \nYes, and though you usually find clowns as part of circuses, there are some that can become their own solo act.  A great way to confront it.\nI bet they would make much more money doing it solo 
Do you have a favorite number? Mine is 7. \nMine is 10, the number of winners.\nSeven is the number after 6 but before 8.\nThat makes a hell of a sense.\nThe Hindus used to write the number 7 so it would look like a J vertically inverted.\nReally??? What else you know about numbers?
Hey! My faoirte color is red - the kind of red you'd see in a strawberry.\nRed used to be my favorite color, but I am much more partial to green now.\nfun fact: the color red is at the end of the visible spectrum? It is next to orange and opposite violet.\nThat makes sense, I think the other two are primary colors are blue and green.
i am a very bad baker\nI LOOOVE to bake, I think it would be awesome to be a baker,and own my own bakery.\nbaking actually of traditionally a roman form that has become the norm, it spread to europe then asia\nThe TLC series Cake Boss is set in a bakery that was founded in 1910. Went there once they have amazing cupcakes.\nyea and in some religions like christianity and judaism baking breads symbolize certain thins in certain ceremponies
I have become interested in watersports.  Do you like it?\nI do like some of them, but I know there are many. What kind do you like?\nI was thinking about wakeboarding or kayaking.  Which would you recommend?\nI don't know much about the water sport of wakeboarding, but I do like to canoe. I think that's similar to kayaking. \nIs it expesive to buy a canoe?  Is it hard to do?\nI didn't think it was hard to canoe, it's a pretty easy and relaxing water sport. It actually is an Olympic sport too, first started in 1924 \nWow!  I didn't know it was an Olympic sport.  Is it still?\nI believe it still is. A fun competitive water sport is boat racing. I think that would be really fun to do!\nI could definitely get into boat racing!  Those boats take a lot of skill to drive though I imagine.
I absolutely love to bake! It is one of my favorite hobbies! I like baking cookies, cases, and breads.\nReally! I'm not really into baking. But I do have several different hobbies.
Obesity seems to be a real problem these days, especially among young people. 
Jazz doesn't make any sense to me.  Is there any order to it at all?
I am afraid of Manta ray while swimming in warm, tropical waters.\nI got to swim with manta rays once. It was a great experience. Where can I usually find Manta Rays in the world?\nThey are mostly found in warm temperate, subtropical and tropical waters.\nThe ones I saw were very big. About how large can they grow?
Pasta is one of the staple foods of Italy. Originally created in 1154 in Sicily.\nWhat is pasta made of?\nPasta is typically made from unleaved dough of a darum wheat flour mixed with water or eggs.\nSo who created it then,do you know?
Superman is my favorite fictional superhero, how do you feel about him?\nHe is pretty impressive.  He can fly which must be pretty amazing.  if you could have any superpower, what would it be?\nHis powers aren't as intimidating as the potential superpower Russia is becoming\nNow that is very worrying.  I watch as much as I can on the news about it but I still feel ignorant\nChina and PRC are much more of a worry simply because they have slowly become the leader of the world under everyone's' nose\nReally? I just dont know enough about this.  Sorry to be stupid but what does PCR stand for?\nPeoples Republic of China. United States-China relations have not been good. You should look into the "Pivot To Asia" movement in US politics\nOh thanks for the explanation.  It seems pretty obvious now.  i think I will look into that as I want to feel informed about what is goin on.
Alien invasion movies are terrifying for me. Have you ever seen Alien?\nHard of it, harvest people for food, steal the planet's resource\nYes basically. Do you like the alien sci fi genre?\nNo, i prefer Stargate SG-1\nDid Stargate ever win any Emmys? I know it went on for a really long time\nyes it did, but the show, created by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, is based on the 1994 science fiction film\nThe tv channel syfy has had a lot of success, so I am not surprised that Stargate had won.
I love Snoop Dogg, have you ever heard of him?\nI sure have. I'm not incredibly familiar with his work as a singer/songwriter, but I really like Snoop Dogg's personality and business sense.\nHe's sure made a lot of money from his connection to marijuana. I really like his song Gin and Juice.\nWas that on his debut album "Doggystyle?"\nI'm not sure to be honest, it may have been. Urijah Faber used it as his walk out song for his MMA fights.
A good friend of mine is a German baker.  He makes some great bread and  pastries.\nThat's cool. Does he own a bakery?
Obesity is a struggle that many people endure daily.  I have dealt with obesity for a few years and it can be quite discouraging.  Obesity is a condition where too much body fat accumulates and has a negative effect on health.  \nI actually used to be obese. This was causing me to have cardiac issues. I lost 45 pounds by changing my lifestyle and working out on a regular basis. Funny thing is I didn't feel obese at that time.\nThat's great that you have lost that much!  You are definitely  a motivation to a lot of people for loosing that weight.  I have considered trying to get on a show like The Biggest loser.  I heard you can win $250,000 if you win!  I want to loose weight, but the money would definitely be a plus, lol\nI certainly did not need a TV show. Though that kind of cash would be nice. I was told that I would not live to see 60 if I did not change my life around. I have young children so it was a no-brainer.\nYeah I would definitely agree with you.  Loved ones are my number one priority.  My little one is watching his favorite show, "The Wiggles"  right now.  His favorite character is Emma Watkins (one of the Wiggles)\nI remember the wiggles with my first son. Australian show right? Right now my youngest is in love with Peppa Pig which I think is actually a fun show to watch with her.
Do you like hair colouring?\nNot really I am bald\n hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color\nthere are lots of different colours available now, which is your favourite?\nBlue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, \nA lot of insects can only see blue, it is a very important colour
you know what, my favorite number is 7
My husband owns a little automobile repair shop! Well, we call it a garage, lol\nSounds good - does he make good money on owning a repair shop?\nYes, but he makes more money with the body repair than the mechanics.\nWhat are some of the common jobs that an automobile repair shop do on a daily basis?
I'm having pasta tonight for dinner. Do you enjoy pasta?
I would like to be a physician because  the profession is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease and others \nNice ,so what does it take to be one?
Baking cakes can be quite fun. Holiday or birthday... there is always a special day to create an attractive delicious cake.
What is your favorite color, I like red. Its a primary color model.\nI love red too! \nIts next to orange on the spectrum and opposite of violet.\nReally? What about pink? I like pink too.. is there red in pink?\nYes, there is a pale red pink out there.\nOh nice!
Rock and Roll is my favorite music genre, are you familiar with it?
& is my favorite number
I used to have bright red hair but as the years have gone by it has become more brown.
Do you ever experiment with your hair color? I love hair coloring.\nI do! I actually just got my hair colored yesterday! I don't do it myself but I love going in to get it done. How about you?\nI really love it, I usually go get it done professionally by a hairdresser. I have had disasters at home trying to do it myself!\nOh no! What kind of disasters? I get it done professionally as well. It's expensive but it is worth it. I have a wedding to go to this weekend so I thought I would splurge and get it dyed. 
I think that chestnut brown is a beautiful color of hair, but most women tend to dye their hair when it's brown. Do you think natural brown hair is pretty?\nI think its beautiful, they dye it i think because its the second most common hair color\nWould you consider dying your hair a crazy color for a month if you knew you could get it back to its original color at the end of the month?\nThen yes :D , but i would do it at home, not at the hairdressers i would be ashamed :D\nWhat color would you choose and why? Would you hide the color from others when going out for that month, or would you embrace the change and see what happened
Good morning!  Have you seen the new Ferrari 488 Pista yet? Looks amazing!
I like to dye my hair blonde to cover my gray\nI see. Why do you do that?
I love Ferraris, they are an Italian sports car that's manufactured in Maranello \nFerraris are great cars. I've always wanted a bright red one, but would take any color, really!
Manta rays are kinda scary, I would be afraid to swim with them.\nInternational Union for Conservation of Nature says that Mantas are endangered or vulnerable.  Tell that to Steve Irwin!!\nWasn't he killed by a sting ray ? What is the difference between the two ?\nI don't really know, but it is hard to believe that the crocodile hunter has been dead for almost 11 years.\nI thought it was longer, but yes the world lost a great guy.\nWhat is equally unbelieve is that he went from being the owner of a zoo in Australia to being world renowned for his show, the Crocodile Hunter, which aired for 11 years.\nThat's what happens when you become famous, look at Gordon Ramsey, now he only does shows because he makes more than in restaurants.
I like jazz. I like all that America classical music.\nJazz is okay sometimes but not my first choice.\noh, Maybe onec you know the history you might give it a try. Jazz has been recognized as a major form of musical expression since the 20's.\nI think maybe it's because I'm from New Orleans and have heard my fair share of jazz music in my lifetime.
Hair coloring or dyeing is changing the hair color from it's original color. My favorite color was smurf blue!\nMy daughter dyed her hair blue at one point! What else can you tell me about hair dyeing?\nThe main reasons people color their hair is to cover gray or white hair but now people just like to be creative\nI've seen so many different colors lately. Pink seems to be popular.
I'm thinking of dyeing my hair! I want to try a different hair color.\nYou should! What color did were you thinking?
I love pasta. Havent had it in a while.\nPasta is an Italian food staple for sure\nIs there a good italian place where you live?\nYeah and pasta dates back to 1154 in Sicily\nVery specific. How do you know so much about pasta?
I love baking normally in an oven or hot ashes!\nYes, I prefer baking over microwaving, etc.\nYes! Bread is always really good baked, what do you like to bake?\nI like baking pizza rolls because I'm bad at baking real goods like cake and bread.\nNeat! I think baking cookies is great because the heat is gradually transferred to the centre of the cookie.\nI forgot you can bake cookies too. How long has baking been part of our culture?
I enjoy Gouda cheese on my salads and sandwiches. Do you like Gouda cheese?
I like the color red. Its at the end of the visible light spectrum.\nRed is a great color.  
I have purple hair :D\nwow that is awesome what made you want to get purple hair\nHonestly, I lost a bet lol. Hair coloring is the practice of changing hair into various colors, and I got stuck with that one. Thanks friends\nhahah that is funny and really interesting can you tell me mroe about the color purple\nWell, purple is an intermediate color between blue and red. \nwow i would have never imagined it was in between the color red. Other than purple do you like any other colors
You like jazz? It's a great genre of music.\nyea its great
Seems like hair coloring is really popular among college girls from what I've seen.\nChanging hair color seems to be pretty big among some demographics\nYeah definitely, it may be controversial but it seems like bisexual/transgender/gay women do it all the time, at least from what I've seen.
People don't think enough about early child care.  Quaility care at a young age can have a big impact on the child's future success.\nI agree my kids have been in daycare from 2 months and up and once my oldest got age 2 I changed her to a private christian academy education is so important. \nTypically children are taken care of by parents or siblings, but daycare is very popular in the U.S.\nIt became popular because of the fact parents have to go to work the rates are sky high as well. \nOh yeah, day care is basically the term that describes that.  it's a service usually during specific hours for while the parents are at work.\nYou have a few that services 24 hour but rarely, I think tat's what come into play also in child care as you mentioned earlier where parents lack but some can't afford that fee or it doesn't fit their schedule.\nIt's really tough when people can't afford daycare, and they're left with the double burden of working to earn money, but are stuck with domestic labor too, like child raising.\nIt is and alot of them need that help and support but just don't have it I know here in Florida they offer child care assistance but I'm not sure about all over or in other states. 
I like jazz music
Black hair is the most common color and the darkest hair color\nReally?  Tell me more about this.\nBlack hair is a dominant trait and is found in people of all ethnicities\nThat makes sense. I wonder what is least common?\nIn English black hair is described as raven black or jet black\nRaven black.  Interesting terminology. 
Seems like hair coloring is really popular among college girls from what I've seen.\nChanging hair color seems to be pretty big among some demographics\nYeah definitely, it may be controversial but it seems like bisexual/transgender/gay women do it all the time, at least from what I've seen.\nMany hair colorings are done professionally.\nIt must look really good when done by a pro.\nI agree, but sometimes it can be done independently within the home.\nOh I know, I dyed my hair once for a gag haha.
Red is such a great color, the shades range from bluish red crimson to yellow tinged scarlet and everything in between.\nI agree, red reminds me of roses.\nSpeaking of Roses, have you ever heard the Guns N' Roses album "Appetite for Destruction"?\nI do not think I have! Is Guns N' Roses a famous band?
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it's so interesting and relaxing.
Superman is my favorite superhero, do you know anything about him?
I love the look of a Ferrari!  Are you into them?\nYes, they are a top notch Italian sports car manufacturer located in Maranello. \nMaranello?  Is that the city in Italy?\nYes, it's a town located in northern Italy.\nWhen was Ferrari created and was it always a supercar?
I'd love to know more about sobriety and how I can be sober\nWell, sobriety is the condition of not having any effects from alcohol. I know I don't relish the times when I'm sober, haha\nWhat does it take to be in this state?\nAbsolutely nothing, sobriety is considered to be the natural state of a human being given at birth. Do you drink often?\nYes I take a beer that contains 6% and it knocks me off every time i take it\nJust make sure to keep your alcohol intake in check, in some cases, sobriety means having a "life balance"!\nIs there any medication to make one sober?
I love baking, especially using an oven.\nMe too. I like baking cookies. What do you bake?\nI like to bake bread, as it is the most common baked item. Also cake and cookies.\nI see, and what else do you know about baking? I am looking to improve my baking skills\nThe way that it works is that the oven transfers heat from the surface to the center of the baked good.\nSo that must mean the oven gets really hot, so i have to wear gloves when removing the baked items from the oven.
I have a friend who is suffering from obesity, do you know what that is? \nI do Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat  ccumlate\nOhh okay I see, is there anyway to reduce that excess body fat? 
I like the taste of Gouda cheese, is a mild, yellow cheese from Netherlands \nYes, I love that cheese. When I was in Netherlands I tasted the best Gouda cheese in my life.
Obesity is such a huge medical issue right now.\nOh my goodness it really is, it is sad, I wonder how many people are struggling with it currently?\nI hope not too many since obesity is linked to diabetes and sleep apnea and more.\nThat is sad, are there any ways to help reduce your risk, or help you through it
Red is my favorite color, it's so powerful and aggressive I feel like.\nRed is a great color! Plant's don't grow too good under it but its at the end of the visible light spectrum!\nReally, do you know exactly what wavelength the color red occurs at?\nIt can vary but it's approximately 625-740 nanometers n width. It's very wide!\nOh wow that is a big range. Red has so many hues too, it's such an interesting color.
Wine tasting is when you examine and evaluate different types of wine with your delicate senses. Ever been?\nYes my personal favorite wines to try are white wines.
I like jazz music\nYES I LIKE IT. JAZZ IS A MUSIC GENRE THAT ORIGINATED IN AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES.\nReally?\nYES.ITS DEVELOPED FROM ROOTS IN BLUES AND RAGTIME\nI like blues
Mantas are found just about everywhere except cold waers\nMantas like manta rays? I'm not sure what you mean to be honest.\nYes, sorry I wasn't specific. Apparently they belong to the genus "Manta".\nOh I see. I don't know much about them except I think one of them killed Steve Irwin. Do you know a lot about them?\nSo Manta Rays are direct relatives of stingrays (in the same family "Myliobatiformes") but lack the stinger.\nOh so they're like a cousin of stingrays, interesting. Are there other aquatic species in that family?
I have brown hair,What's your hair type?\nI have blue hair, and my hair type is 4A\nBrown hair is characterized by higher levels of the dark pigment eumelanin and lower levels.\nThat's cool I didn't knoow that. I do know that blue dyes have stronger ions, which makes it harder  to remove.\nThey are natural  dyes natural dyes are vegetable dyes from plant sourcesroots, berries, bark, leaves, and woodand other biological sources.\nOh okay that is cool, so our hair are kind of like plants?\nSure, it would interest you to know that in China ,dyeing with plants, barks and insects has been traced back more than 5,000 years. \nI think they also do that in India too!
I've been looking into different hair colorings to mask my grey, but I'm worried about if they're dangerous. Help!\nI dont think its dangerous, hair dyeing with enough practice is good if done on other people to change their hair color.rather than yours. \nMight be a little hard to get volunteers for me practicing hair coloring. Seen any teenage scene girls lately? They might be willing, lol.\nWell you can always have it done by a professionally hairdresser or at home by someone else who has done it before. \nProfessional hairdresser might be the best idea. Should I go with a conventional hair color, or something wild and fun?\nSomething fun sounds great, you want to look your best for the guys. just use one bottle and dont over do it or you will ruin the color! \nUse three bottles to make sure it sticks, got it. I could always bleach it, right? That could be exciting!\nWell if your hair is blond, then you shouldnt bleach it, Just wash it really good and choose a darker color. You dont want to ruin your hair roots.  \nIf I do damage them, what kinds of hair root remedies or treatments are out there?
My dream job that I was able to land is a baker. 
I love rock and roll music, a genre of music that became popular in the late 1940s, what about you?\nI'm not really into it but I would like to know more\nWell it's origins are derived from the rhythm and blues music of the 1940s.\nwho are some famous rock and roll singers?\nElvis Presley is probably the most famous, surely you've heard of him. He's the King of Rock And Roll\noh that's right, i've heard that! I was never a huge fan of Elvis but he was great. I would love to learn more about him
I love the color red,red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nI love red too! Red is my favorite color!\nMars is red and its Iron Oxide that gives the red color to the planet\nI did not know that, that is really cool. What else do you know about red.
Have you ever been to niagara falls? It is quite the sight!\nI have not. I really would like to go. I know it is in New York which is another place I havent been to but would love to visit.\nYeah, I do not live too far away luckily, so I have been a couple of times\nI remember when I was younger watching TRL and their number one music spot in NYC.  Did you ever get to go visit there?\nWho is TRL? I have been to NYC several times, Times Square is amazing\nTRL used to be a show on MTV that actually showed music videos and did countdowns to the number 1 of the day.\nOh okay, that may have been before my time. But yeah, NYC is definitely worth the visit!\nAre you a fan of MTV? I remember when they actually used to play music videos instead of the series they have on it now.\nI am not the biggest fan, are they still popular?
I have chronic fatigue syndrome. It really limits my daily activities.  \nsorry to hear that. What are the symptoms?\nMostly it's long-term fatigue that rest does not help. No one knows the cause.\nIs this something that can be treated?\nThere are no medications or procedures approved in the United States unfortunately.  \nOhh that's unfortunate. So what can you do?
Amazingly, by 2014 Ferrari was chosen as the world's most powerful brand by Brand Finance.\nWho founded the company?
I enjoy exercise, but I need to do more research about physical fitness.\nIt is a state of well-being, health and the ability to participate of sports, occupations and activities.\nIndeed. I used to run in college, but then I started having trouble with my knees. What else might I try?
Working at a daycare is tough work. I'm so exhausted everyday when I get home. Kids can be quite a handful!\nChildcare also know as  daycare is the caring for and supervision of a child or children, usually from age six weeks to age thirteen\nYeah, I know. lol. Kids have so much energy. They are always all over the place. It's hard to have a silent moment!
Can you believe that I turn 37 next week, yet I've never had any alcohol before?\nMy father was an alcoholic growing up, but hes been sober for 20 years.So no alcohol for 20 years.\nI think after having had a problem with alcohol, being sober for 20 years is more of an accomplishment than never touching it at all.\nHe did the Twelve Step Program through Alcoholic Anonymous.  We're very proud of him.\nI would be as well!  Do you do anything to celebrate his sobriety anniversary? \nNot particularly, but he does help other alcoholics make it through the program.\nIt's always nice to see people give back to the programs that helped them out.
Have you ever heard of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?
What does wine tasting imply?\nWine tasting means that wine is examined and evaluated by a person\nis this usually done for wine manufacturers? \nIt can be done by professional wine tasters, called sommeliers, or by buyers for retailers\nWhen the tradition of wine tasting begin?
I like to stay fit. Do you have any exercises you do in terms of physical fitness?\nI like to keep up with my health and go to gyms to keep up with that "gym culture" nowadays.\nDo you do any bench presses, sit ups, push ups? I'm a fan of cardio, personally.\nI like to do more bodyweight exercises where I just use my own weight instead of machines or equipment.\nI'm also a fan of pull ups and resistance bands, those can be very rewarding on your body.\nBodyweight exercises can work hand in hand with those tools to build strength, flexibility, and balance.\nHave you ever done resistance bands in your physical fitness sessions? They can sometimes be better than weights.\nI've tried it a few times for strength training to help increase bone and muscle strength.\nDo you have a particular body weight exercise you typically do during your physical fitness sessions?
Wine tasting always seemed so pretentious to me.\nI enjoy the evaluation wine.\nI still like drinking wine more than other alcohol tho\nI do also, the practice of wine tastin is as ancient as its production.\nYea its very important it has a good taste
I love the taste of pasta mixed with tomato sauce and shredded cheese all over it\nI just love mines with chunky tomatoes mixed with meatballs and mushrooms.\nOlive Garden is the place that makes the best pastas. I try to visit the place as much I can with my friends
My favorite color is red, it's flashy, catches people's attention, and is used everywhere for all kinds of purposes!\nMine too! Its said that red makes a person appear more attractive, like an illusion of sorts!
I'm not Italian but I could eat pasta every day.\nYes It is my favourite too and have lot of varities. It famous after world war II\nThose who want to avoid gluten can eat pastas made from rice flour, but I prefer wheat.\nYes and have lot of varites. Tomato pasta is my favourite.\nYes I like Neapolitan sauce as well, compared to alfredo sauces.\nYes I also like this . It is tomato sauces derived from Italian cuisine
Hello, so what are your thoughts on pasta?\nI love pasta, it is such a versatile food! I really enjoy Italian food for its great flavors, and of course, it involves lots of pasta!\nTrue, me too.  We have an Italian shop around the corner and I see them making fresh pasta.  Delicious!\nOh wow I have never seen that before! How do they make fresh pasta?\nIt's working the pasta dough and flattening or elongating it with a pasta machine attached to a bench.  What pastas do you usually get>?\nInteresting, I didn't know that, thanks! I typically get traditional pasta, like fettuccine, with Alfredo sauce. What about you?\nRigatoni, angel hair (my favorite), and tortellini are some of my favs.  As for sauces, I love alfredo, but a good tomato sauce is great too!\nThose are all delicious. I love tortellini because they are filled with a ton of delicious things. Whats your favorite type of tortellini?\nI like a simple cheese tortellini.  Although I've recently been exploring a spicy tofu veggie and cheese version.  Hard to make but delicious!
I've been looking into different hair colorings to mask my grey, but I'm worried about if they're dangerous. Help!
Red is my favorite color. It is the color of a lot of my favorite things, like strawberries.\nAwesome! Did you also know that Mars is red because of iron oxide?\nWow. I always wondered why.
My friend was just diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but I don't know much about it.\nIts characterized by long term fatigue and other symptoms and it severely limits a persons ability to live a normal life\nWhat are the other symptoms?\nMostly the fatigue that is not warranted or due to strenuous ongoing exertion\nThat sounds awful. I wonder how common it is?
I know that luxury cars are a hot topic, but if I had to choose my favorite brand, it would have to be Ferrari.
Is it true Wine tasting is a delicate art?\nYou could say so, however, results have surfaced that definitely tend to contradict the reliability of wine tasting.  Blind testing has identified many inconsistencies.\nWhat do you mean by reliability?\nWell there used to be a recognized system that people thought was concrete surrounding wine testing.  But recently scientists have been exploring the objective parameters of the human olfactory system.\nHow exactly is wine tasting done?\nTypically the wine tasters will all sip the wine, then use an ever evolving system of terminology to describe the aromas, flavors, and characteristics of the wine.\nSounds like a very niche hobby.
Are you going to the San Diego Comic-Con? It is really great to go to.\nnot really, i'm not near that city\nOh well there is a Comic-Con International convention, WonderCon, in Anahein, and the Alternative Press Expo, in San Francisco.\ni've never been into one of those events, but i would like to know what people do there\nWell for example on Wednesday evening before the official opening people can attend "Preview Night" to look at the different exhibits of comics and such.\ni've seen in the news like every year some attendants go dressed like characters of different movies and so
I'm a huge fan of Jazz! It's an awesome music genre with cool African-American roots which is what I love about it!\nJazz is fantastic, although it seems to have fallen from popularity since the 50's, where rock and roll took over.\nYeaha and in the late 19th and early 20th centuries it developed into blues and ragtime too.\nModern Jazz appears to be more inspired by those evolutions than the original Jazz that was prevalent in the 1920's
So i have a little bakery with my wife 24 cupcakes, we bake from day to night, do you like to bake?\nI bake bread which is the most common item to bake, but that's it.\nOh thats cool, good old bread one of the oldes recipes, from Jesus christ times there was bread, so baking is really old! do you like baked sweets? cupcakes cakes? \nI love all of it! I also heard that sometimes people combine baking with grilling to create a hybrid barbecue effect. Strange but fascinating.\nI didnt know about this, well theres always ways to change the texture of the most common foods, sometimes when we do not have our hoven, we pan frye the bread, and taste simular to when you bake it!\nThat's amazing. I prefer the professional touch of home bakers, since now most baking is automated by machines in factories.\nYes you can taste the diference in the baking hoven, pizzerias for example bake in wooden hovens and tastes so unique!\nI definitely agree! I just found out that baking has traditionally been done by women at home, and by men in bakeries and restaurants. Kinda sexist but it's nice that it's different now.\nYes you know that usually hand made labor it was for women, but noadays one of the most famous bakery shops are own by men, like the ones you see on tv, so the world is changing while the hovens remain the same!
I just dyed my hair a purplish red last friday.
Do you work out? I'm working pretty fierce on having a tone body. I'm into health, my well-being to perform in sports etc.\nI do work out, but I need to more often. That's great you are so dedicated to it!\nI'm still working on getting better proper nutrition (Cheetos get me) but moderate vigorous exercise feels great\nYes, we have a swimming pool so I've been able to get a bit more exercise, while enjoying the cool water during this hot summer.\nI get fatigued if I don't. Do you feel better the days you do? Defined as capacity to carry out the day's without it\nYes, I do feel better when I exercise, unless I have had an already strenuous and tiresome day, then I feel exhausted when I do vigorous exercise.
i love the fact that having brown hair makes me look like my favorite actor\nWho is your favorite actor and I love brown hair I have it also mixed with a little sandy red.\nZac Efron, Brown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair\nI agree because even though my hair is brown I usually wear black extension it just gives off a more sleek look. Have you wore your hair in any other colors?\nno, my hair has always been brown. its strands are thicker than those of fair hair but not as much as those of red hair\nRed hair that is fascinating besides your brown hair do you have other features of your favorite actor?
When I took my daughter to Sea World she loved looking at the large manta rays. \nI love Sea World!  I've been many times, and I love to see the dolphins!\nI love the dolphins the whole marine and oceanarium at the theme park is not only educational but very fun for kids even us adults lol.\nIt's fun for everyone!  I usually go to the Sea World location in Orlando, Florida - we go to Disney World as well!
What do you think of harley-davidson motorcycles?\nWell I have not been around since they were founded in 1903, but since they seem to be a good company.\nHave you ever ridden a motorcycle before? I have a motorcycle, but it's not a harley-davidson.\nNo, I have never ridden one. But I do love riding bicycles. The motorcycle originally came from bicycles.\nThat's so cool. I didn't know that. What kind of bicycle do you ride? 
I have got a new job! You know anything about conductors?
What color is your hair? 
Have you heard of  chronic fatigue syndrome? Its a condition that has long-term fatigue. \nno please do tell
I love Snoop Dogg, he's my favorite rapper. His real name is actually Calvin Cordozar Broadus, much easier to say Snoop Dogg though.\nI can't say I listen to his music at all, but I still respect him as an artist.\nI think that's a fair and respectable attitude to have. You certainly can't deny his success, having sold over 35 million albums worldwide after all.\nI don't think that number even accounts for all of the collaborations he's done with other artists.\nI'm sure you're right about that, he's definitely worked with a lot of other artists. I like his second album called Tha Doggfather a lot.\nI can't recall any of the songs of of that album.  I know my sister had his first album, which was odd because she was only nine when it came out.
I have a cousin who is obese can you tell me more about this topic? 
I love Red, it is my favorite color.\nI love red as well! I have heard red is a predator color\nIt has a wavelenght that starts at 625 nanometres.\nThat is really interesting, I know sports cars are best in red.\nI like sports cars also, the term sports car was first used in London in 1919.\nI never knew that, Do you know anything else about the color red?
I really like to bake but seem to burn everything lately. Do you ejoy baking?\nIve been getting really good at baking. I have even baked things using hot stones and hot ashes, but that is not the most common method. Normally I just bake in the oven.\nI've heard of those methods that's awesome! So you must know a great deal about baking.
Have you ever been to the stand-up comedy venue in Times Square New York called Carolines on Broadway? Its so much fun\nI haven't! I've never been to New York. What is so awesome about that venue?
HI, are you interested in physical fitness, not just working out but good nutrition and proper rest?\nI am interested! I have had trouble sleeping recently.\nOh, I'm sorry to hear that. A lot of things can cause insomnia, including stress, health conditions, or even just caffeine.  Are you doing anything to manage that?\nI don't drink nearly as much caffeine as I used too. I cut out coffee almost completely.
Do you happen to know any twins?
I like brown hair\nI have brown hair like many people - the most common color other than blac\nReally?\nYes brown hair has thicker strands than blond hair but thinner than red hair\nWhat about blonde?
Red is my favorite color, it's so powerful and aggressive I feel like.
One time I died my hair blonde because I was tired of being a brunette. Have you ever changed your hair color?\nYes i have i like to died  my hair brown sometimes and maybe a little blond\nDid you do it yourself, or have it professionally done? \nI had it done by a professional, one time i tried it myself and it looked horrible
I love pasta, it's a staple food of traditional italian cuisine\nI also love pasta. What different kinds are there?\nWell it's mainly divided into 2 categories, dried pasta and fresh pasta. I prefer fresh myself.\nWhat is the difference?\nMost dried pasta is commercially produced while fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand \nInteresting. What are some common pasta dishes?
Everyday i buy my dog some dog biscuits, he loves them!\nHow do dogs eat those things?  they are so dry and hard!  What possible benefit could they get from them, other than taste, which apparently they do like.\nWell some of them have vitamins, and they nibble on them slowly, the taste is sometimes so great that i try one :D do you have a dog?\nYes, I have a dingo, which is a type of feral dog from Australia.  Have you heard of them?  \nYes they seem nice, i have a Pekingese, but he is black not so ugly as the brown ones, he haves white paws\nOh, i see.  great dog, but probably poos everywhere. don't they cross them with other breeds to make peekapoos or peke-a-tese?\nYes they do, but i dont like Pekingese, or peekapoos, i got it from a shelter so i was ok with him :D now my mother takes care of it :D
I am pretty toned from exercise, how about you?\nNot really. I did a lot of strength training back in high school a couple years ago and other exercises.\nMy husband and I have a total gym, and love toning exercises\nI've seen that infomercial on tv for years now.\nIt is a wonderful machine for physical fitness without strain on your back and muscles\nI find my physical fitness needs more proper nutrition and rest. I love Taco Bell too much.\nI think you just have to find the right kind of physical fitness plan for you, everyone is different
What do you think of harley-davidson motorcycles?
I used to have a real issue with overeating.\novereating is so bad, eating too much excess food is bad\nYeah it really is, it causes weight gain and even stuff like diabetes.
I know it's kind of weird...but I like to take cold showers :)\nYou need to take advantage of the indoor structure of showers so I say do what you want!\nOnce you get used to them, they are actually quite nice for waking you up. A bit..shocking I dare sya\nI agree! You know there are early signs of Egyptians having indoor shower rooms where servants would bathe them?\nI did not know that, but I'm not surprised. I'm not sure when the first person got that bright idea, but it was probably far, far back\nWell actually it just started with someone pouring a jug of water, which was often very cold. You would have liked that!\nHah, probably! Anything else interesting you know?\nThere are these types of puzzles called water pouring puzzles. \nOh? What are those?
Jazz doesn't make any sense to me.  Is there any order to it at all?\nI love Jazz music but didn't get it at first.  Its so nice to listen to with its combo of swing and blue notes. Its very versatile.\nI don't even know what blues music is, what is that?\nIts a genre of music that was started by African Americans in the Deep South. You should really check it out but its not for everyone.  Jazz is a bit more easy listening.\nJazz just sounds like a lot of noise to me which makes me think it is some sort of modern statement or something.  Is it a newer style of music?\nIts not too old but the Jazz Age was in the 1920's. That's when it really started to be seen as a big form of musical expression.  I would start with some smooth Jazz to get used to it. Its easy listening.\nKenny G is the only jazz artist I really know.  Is Kenny G smooth jazz?
Baking, or the method of cooking baked goods, is so much fun.\nyea it really is.\nBaking can involve hot ashes or even hot stones.\nOh yea? what else?
You like jazz? I do, it's music that originated in the African American communities here in the US.\nYes, I love jazz music! It's very relaxing to me. Who is your favorite jazz musician?\nI don't know many musicians by name, but I love it so much. It's seen as "America's classical music".\nI can believe that! I'm a big fan of the sound of the brass instruments used in jazz music. Do you know what they are?\nNot really, but I do know that jaxx has been around since the 1920s.\nHow interesting! Why do you think jazz has become so popular? 
It was only 2 years ago that I started hitting gym to pursue physical fitness in my lifestyle
Red is my favorite color and it varies from scarlet to crimson and can vary in shade from red pink to burgundy.\nIt reminds me of Chinese New Year, Christmas, and Valentine's Day.\nYes I often associated red with those holidays as well. I also find it interesting that iron oxide gives the color red to the planet Mars.\nThe planets, too, huh. I hadn't thought about that.\nRed is apparently quite an important color as it was made from ochre and one of the first colors used in prehistoric art.\nI've heard it was a color that showed wealth, but I don't really know if that is true.
i have  brown hair, i love it sp much
I own a Ferrari, do you know anything about them?\nYes! Ferrari is a company based in Maranello, Italy\nI see, who founded Ferrari?\nIt was founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939. It began from Alfa Romeo's race division\nI see, do you have any other facts about Ferrari?\nWell, it was rated by Brand Finance in 2014 as the world's most powerful brand\nI didn't know that, I guess they are popular\nThey are! Though now they are owned 90% by Fiat\nI see, well it doesn't seem to be damaging the brand
Hello! I've been really getting into playing Jazz recently. It really helps me relax.\nI love jazz music.
Do you like red, it's my favorite color!
My dog loves dog biscuits I think he is obsessed with them
I once swam with manta rays. They are beautiful creatures.\nManta rays are very beautiful! They are typically found in warmer subtropical waters.\nWhat do manta rays eat?\nThey are actually filter feeders, so they feed on zooplankton.\nAre manta rays at risk of being endangered?\nI'm not sure if they are at risk, but they are definitely protected by the Convention of Migratory Species of Wild Animals.\nThat's good to know. How do they reproduce?\nManta ray's getation period lasts for over a year, so it takes quite a long time. They also give birth to live pups.\nWow, so that may make the treat of being endangered worse. What does "manta" mean?
What is your favorite number? Mine is 7\n13 why do you ask?\nBecause I have some great facts about 7!\nBy all means I'm a math nerd so lets hear them. I'm all ears!
I gained a lot of weight after my mom passed, Im geting obese but I was told it is a medical condition that I can get help for.\nI'm sorry to hear that!  Have you tried limiting your calories and getting a bit of exercise?\nI have, A few cases are caused primarily by genes, endocrine disorders and some just happen over time.\nWhat sort of help were you considering?  I know people who have had surgery and are quite happy with the results.
Do you like Snoop Dogg the American rapper?\nYeah, he's pretty awesome! I seen him in concert one. How about you?\nNo but I have been listening to him since 1993 when he was discovered by Dr Dre\nI haven't listen to Dr Dre much. Do you have a favorite song?
My brother recently went on vacation and said he saw a manta ray when he was on a boat in the ocean.\nreally they  are large rays belonging to the genus "Manta\nI don't know much about them, but he did say they are large. Do you know if they sting?
Have you ever been to San Diego Comic-Con?
& is my favorite number\nThe number 7 was written by Hindus in a single stroke as a curve that looks like an upper case J vertically inverted.\nReally? I know nothing about the history its just been a lucky number for me gambling lol\nI oddly spent some time learning about the number, because I like it too. Eastern Arabs developed 7 from a 6 lookalike into an uppercase v lookalike.\nWow that is interesting, what else do you know about my lucky number 7?
Red is my favorite color.\nMine is green!
I love to exercise. I feel so sluggish on days when I don't work out at the gym.\nMe too! Exercise helps me with a state of health and well-being. It allows me to perform aspects of sports, work, and daily activities.\nWhat kind of sports do you like to play?\nI do strength training which is a type of exercise that specializes in using resistance to induce muscular contraction to build my strength up.\nThat's great! Do you like to use dumbbells and barbells?\nYes I do, they are used to oppose the force generated by my muscles through concentric or eccentric contractions!.\nDo you also do any cardio activity such as swimming or running? I love to do some laps in the pool in the morning.
I've always wanted to go to San Diego's Comic-Con! Have you ever gone?\nI have not but I have wanted to go as well! It was founded in 1970!\nOh really? I had no idea! It seems so popular recently! I know the stars of my favorite show, The Walking Dead, usually make an appearance! What else can you do at Comic-Con?
Have you ever colored your hair? I made mine purple once as a kid!
When you're realllllyyyyy hungry you seriously can't beat pasta.  I love spaghetti and meatballs, and linguine, and lasagna.  Do you like pasta and have you ever tried to make it?\nIt is my absolute favorite, but no I've never tried to make the noodles.\nI recently discovered how delicious Bolognese sauce is with pasta too.  Its a meat-based sauce and if you can get an original Italian recipe it's amazing!\nMy mother in law is Italian.  She makes some amazing dishes.\nOh you're so lucky!  I bet you guys have the best holiday's!  This is making me so hungry right now too!\nThe best!  But then we all need to fast for 3 days after!
Ferrari is the coolest car company\nI agree. The company has been around since 1939.\nI had no idea that it had been around that long
I bake cakes when I am sad or stressed out.\nThe most common baked item is bread. Do you bake other things besides cakes?\nI like to bake cupcakes sometimes.\nBaking is traditionally performed by women in the home, but men in bakeries and restaurants. You could have a successful career in baking.\nIm not that good but I do try to do the fancy cakes you see on Pinterest.\nThe art of baking is a fundamental skill. \nYes its' an exact science too. .You can't measure things by eye.
Ferrari makes really great looking cars.
Chronic fatigue sounds rough, it brings long term fatigue and limits a person to carry out daily things.\nThat sound miserable.  What causes chronic fatigue?\nWhat is scary is they do not know the exact cause, its not even genetic or biological.\nInteresting.  Is it more common in children or adults?\nIs mainly based off a persons symptoms, so age does not appear to matter.\nThat is scary.  Chronic usually means that it lasts for a long time, but just how long does it last on average?\nIt seems like it just depends on the person\nThat is quite concerning.  There must be an underlying cause and the fact that it is unknown is unnerving.  Are researchers still actively searching for the cause of it?
Good morning, what a guy Superman is eh\nWhat a guy! Truly a Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books \nHe is but he is a global phenomenon! Even if he does wear underpants on the outside and not be a massive fan of kryptonite
I love going to the bakery and seeing the baker cook stuff. Do you know any cool stuff about bakers? \nGrains have been a staple food for millennia, baking is a very old one! \nThats neat, I bet that baking has a very long heritage, Did people in the stone age know how to bake food? \nI don't think they did, but by the 5th and 6th centuries the ancient Greeks were using ovens. Most communities had one large shared oven.\nwow the greeks had ovens? thats really cool. What kind of ovens did they use? Was it coal or fire? \nThese enclosed ovens were heated by wood fires that were mainly for different types of bread.\nOh alright, That makes sense, since wood is easily available and I dont think greeks knew what coals were back then. What else do you know about bakers? 
Do you enjoy a good wine tasting. I find I meet the most interesting people at them.\nOh that is the sensory evaluation of wine, I enjoy it a bit\nMy local Vineyard had a pairing last weekend with cupcakes. O' my it was awesome.\nYou know the practice of wine tasting is as old as the practice of wine making\nI'd imagine you have to taste it when you make it.
Red is next to orange and opposite of violet in the spectrum of light! \nOh really? I never knew that! Red is one of my favorite colors! What colors do you like?
I love alien invasion movies. Arrival was one of my favorites from several years ago. Its very typical of alien invasion stories of aliens coming to earth to either invade or observe.\nArrival ? When was the movie produced?\nIt was made in 2016. Its different from other alien invasion films where aliens come just to enslave or destroy humans,\nOK ,who was the producer of the movie?
Hello, what do you know about Ferraris?\nI know they're italian sportscars. They exist as a symbol of opression and consumer oppulance. People with horrible values seem to desire them.\nHorrible values, it seems you are using stereotypes to determine that. I personally don't think i could fit inside of a ferrari, they are so little.\nThey were first made in the 40's. They go real fast I hear. Have you been very fast yourself, friend?\nI have only been fast on a roller coster, never really in a car. I'm afraid to go fast.\nThe  country singer from Australia stan coster never sang about roller coasters. I do not enjoy them, but surely they are nt faster than cars?\nIn disney world some are very fast, and have more accleration than cars. The rocking roller coster is one of the fastest.
I enjoy a good comedy club especially  Carolines on Broadway is a venue for stand-up's\nI have not heard of it, although I do enjoy comedy. Would you recommend going there?
Hey! My faoirte color is red - the kind of red you'd see in a strawberry.\nRed used to be my favorite color, but I am much more partial to green now.
I just love to bake. I'm always in the kitchen baking something.
hello how are you?
Do you have a bad habit of overeating? I do on occasion.\nYeah sometimes I have a habit of overeating which I assume it should be an eating disorder. What's your idea?\nI tend to eat a lot whenever I am stressed out, or when I am at a buffet or a place that serves a lot of food. I try to eat slowly to help with that.
I love red color, is my favorite\nWell thats good color to be a fan of as it is at the end of the visable spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet\nIs red color a primary color?
Superman is my favorite hero.\nI like hiim too. He's a fictional superhero made by DC comics.\nYes he is. Didn't he grow up in Kansas\nYes! He was adopted by a couple from Kansas. They raised him as Clark Kent.\nThat's right. I liked the Superman movies too\nThe movie was released in 1978 and it was directed by Richard Donner.\nWhen was the second Superman movie released?\nIt was released in 1980.\nYou know a lot about Superman, do you have any other info about him?
I know the San Diego Comic-Con is coming up soon! I would love to attend this event! Have you ever been?
I like jazz. Do you?\nI do like jazz.  I do not get to hear a lot of it but I enjoy it,\nIt originated in New Orleans in the 19th century, but it's been a staple since. I listen to it in the car while going to work\nThat is nice - I have mainly only heard it in clubs or restaurants.
My favorite food is pasta but I prefer fresh over fried.\nOoh, I love pasta! Lasagna is my favorite style of pasta. What is yours?
My favorite car is the Italian sport car manufactured in Maranello ... the Ferrari!  What about you?  Do you like the Ferrari?\nI like Ferraris, but I tend to enjoy Japanese cars more! What do you like about the Ferrari?\nIt's speed and sleek design!  Even its history is great.  In 1962, the Ferrari 250 GTO became the most expensive car in history.  And in 2014, Ferrari was rated the world's most powerful brand!  So, those are just a few reasons, I have many more.  Do you know much about the Ferrari?\nI know a little, because I love cars, but you clearly know a lot more than me! What's your favorite model?
My father was a soldier, did you ever join the army?\nYes, I voluntarily enlisted.\nThank You for your services, what is it like being enlisted.\nIt was great, I was what you would call an infantryman in the ranks.\nWhat kind of work did you do as a infantry?\nI used to engage in military combat on foot.\nDid you ever get deployed?\nYes, as an Infantryman we bear the largest brunt and deployment is inevitable for us.\nWhat was It like being deployed.
I love to bake! Especially when it's for my family or close friends. Do you like to bake?\nI love to bake also.\nWhat are some of your favorite things to bake?\nI really enjoy baking bread.\nAny particular kind of bread? Or just normal ole' bread? I love eating freshly baked bread. :)\nI really enjoy making Mexican breads.\nOh I don't think I've ever tried that before, it sounds really good though I wanna try it sometimes.
I love the color red, its so unique! (Unlike the other colors)\nWhat about red makes you love it over others? 
I often incorporate drawing into what I do for a living, and LOVE a good marker! Do you create any art in any way?\nI like to draw or sketch with graphite  but I am not very good with it.\nGraphite is a great medium -- I love the smudginess it can give. Do you experiment with different hardness to get varying effects? And what paper do you prefer?\nI just use a normal pencil mostly because I just doodle.  I use just regular paper\nDoodling is a *great* way to think! Have you ever looked into sketchnoting? It's a visual way to capture information, and makes listening a lot more interesting and fun.\nI have never heard of that and will have to check it out.  I love the google doodle that they put on their homepage\nAgreed! They have Doodler-in-Chief at Google who shepherds the process. You might want to check out "The Doodle Revolution", or any of Mike Rohde's books.
Seven's my favorite number, because everyone says it's a lucky number.. but why do they say that! What's the history behind 7
Hi, do you like Ferrari's?\nFerrari was founded by Enzo in 1939.\nOh really, that is awesome, did you know that the top speed of the LaFerrarri is 349 km/h?
Ive been doing lots of physical fitness lately, It really is challenging but the reward of losing weight is worth it, Do you do any physical fitness?\nI do fitness walking, but that's it.  What physical fitness activities do you do?\nWell  do all kinds, I do strength fitness like running and weight lifting. I love the quality or state of being fit. It makes you feel so much better. \nI'm still waiting for it to make me feel better - right now all it does is make me tired!
Jazz doesn't make any sense to me.  Is there any order to it at all?\nI love Jazz music but didn't get it at first.  Its so nice to listen to with its combo of swing and blue notes. Its very versatile.\nI don't even know what blues music is, what is that?
Hey -- I knew that Ferrari was from Italy, but unaware it is from the city of Maranello \nI thought that was common knowledge. What else do have you learned about Ferrari? 
Jazz is a music genre originated in New Orleans african amaerican community\nI love jazz! Sinatra and Tony Bennett are my two favorites. Diana Krall is also a good new singer.
Wine tasting is one of my favorite dates with my husband.\nI've never actually been to a real wine tasting myself.  I know a little about it and how it has been around as long as wine making has\nReally? I always thought it was more a modern ordeal.
I am thinking about coloring my hair.\nWhy? Do you not like your hair colour? What colour are you thinking of changing it to?\nI like my hair , but friends are doing it so I want to fit in.
I have 3 Ferrari cars in my garage and I hardly know nothing about them. i read some self help books, then I was rick all of the sudden.\nThose are some nice cars they are manufacturer in Maranello. \nYeah that's pretty cool. Do you know how old the company is?\nI want to say since about 1939 and the car was first built in 1940 what color's do you have?\nI have magenta, sky blue and another barbie pink.\nWow you have a various of colors I would love that barbie pink one I believe Blac Chyna has one as well.\nWell my wife uses the pink one. Do you know the most popular model of Ferrari? I'm thinking about getting a fourth one.
i love girls with brown hair makes them so beautiful.\nBrown hair is the second most common hair color in the world\nWow, i din't know that could you tell me more about brown hair\nIn most people it varies from light brown to almost black hair\nYeah most of the time i cannot tell the difference, anyway i like booth types of hair
I am always so tired.  I'm beginning to wonder if I have chronic fatigue syndrome.\nIf you do, you can treat it with cognitive behavioral therapy.\nwhat does that consist of?\nIt focuses on coping strategies such as problem solving.\nAre there any other therapies available?
Hai\nhair coloring changes your hair color\nYes
i have brown hair but i dye it black\nBrown hair is actually the second most popular hair color after black! My hair is brown too.\ni didn't know that i thought blond hair would be second most popular after black\nMaybe because brown hair has so much variation. It can range from a light brown to nearly black. That's pretty broad I think.\nyes, i agree! \nI never realized until recently that brown hair strands are actually thicker than those of fair hair. I thought they were all the same!\nthat's interesting. i learned something new today :) do you know any other cool facts?
I really do love me some pasta, Ive been wanting to learn more about it though, Do you cook pasta?\nOh yes! I do! It's one of my favorite foods! Pasta is a staple of traditional Italian cuisine with roots dating back to 1154.\nWow its that old!? I never knew, What are some popular pasta dishes I should try?  \nThere are soooo many you can try. I personally like cavatelli, which is known by 28 different names.\nI never heard of cavatelli, can you tell me more about it? \nCavatelli is small pasta shells made from a semolina dough with no eggs and they look like little itty bitty hot dog buns.\nOh that sounds awesome, Ill have to try them then, Any other facts on pasta I need to know? 
Jazz is some of my favorite music, since it is so relaxing.\nJazz really is nice so soothing to listen to, its popular amoung african americans\nThat makes sense, since it is reminiscent of the blues.
red is one of the best colors\nI agree, I think its because its at the end of the visible spectrum of light\nyes, and really plainly it is pretty awesome, and does have meaning behind it\nYes, in the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the nobility and wealthy so it did have meaning.\nI wonder if there is a significant meaning today?
I've grown up listening to Gospel music.\nThat's interesting.  Do you like performances that are religious or ceremonial, or just for entertainment purposes?\nI don't really go out of my way to listen to it. Growing up in the south east United States, you just hear gospel music.\nI can see that.  Out of curiosity, I know Elvis Presley is a generally South-East originating musician, do you listen to much of "the King"?\nGospel music
I love to color my hair every month, its so much fun. Are you interested in coloring your hair too? What would you like to know? \nI've been thinking of coloring my hair but I can't decide between letting a professional do it, or do it myself. What do you think?\nWell since most hair coloring is done by a professional hairdresser id go with that but you can always do it at home. \nIt would probably be cheaper if I did!  Coloring one's hair is a popular thing to do, isn't it?
i think Manta rays are really neat
Have you ever been to a Comic-Con?\nNo, I haven't, but I bet it would be really fun.\nI learned that it was originally the Golden State Comic Book Convention and it is almost fifty years old now.\nWow, that's is awesome. Who would you be if you dressed up for Comic-Con? I think I'd be Harley Quinn
I have a very tone body and I am in a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.\nWow!  What exercises did you do to get the toned body?
I like to bake...especially bread.  Do you bake?\nYes, I bake from time to time, usally bread.\nHave you seen The Great British Bake Off, the show were ten home bakers compete to be crowned the best amateur baker?\nNo, on which channel the show is broadcast?\nIt started on BBC but after it got even more popular, it moved to BBC One.  It's had 7 seasons.\nDid you watch all the seasons?
you know what, my favorite number is 7\nYou should play it in the lotto along with the following 6 and 8 you may win.\nreally? tell me more
I am really scared of Manta ray's since i say it killed the crocodile hunter\nI want to learn more about them, I know they beach like whales, are they poisonous?\nim not sure if they are poisonous but they have a big sharp dagger on their tailes\nI know they are found in sub tropical and tropical waters and they look scary\nYes they do, one time i was in the ocean and saw one jumped like 20ft away from me i was so scared\nThey are listed as endangered by International Union for Conservation of Nature\nthat is so sad i dint know, i have the fact that there is so much plastic at the beach that is probably the reason\nThey are threatened by pollution, getting caught in fishnets and Chinese harvesting them for medicine\nyeah that is why every time i head to the beach i try to gather as much trash as posible
Do you like baking? I loved when my mom baked bread and other types of foods!\nI would love to learn to bake. What is your favorite thing to bake?
JAzz is such pretty music, isn't it?\nYes, it is and intellectuals around the world say it is "one of America's original art forms".\nOh, that's a beautiful sentiment, where did it originate?
I am a big fan of welding. Joining materials is an incredibly useful skill.\nThat's cool! Welding can be fun.  What about welding interests you?\nArc welding is fairly striking to me. Gas tungsten arc welding can produce great welds\nArc welding? I've never heard of that. What is Arc Welding?
I enjoy gospel music when I hear it, but I don't know a lot about it.\nI am a christian and I love gospel music because it is a genre of christian music. \nWho are some of your favorite gospel music artists?\nI am a fan of rock music too so i like Petra as one of the pioneer of the Christian rock\nOh, I have never heard Petra.  What are the names of some Petra songs?\nI could not recollect the name but i know their songs  evolved into a more energetic, driving rock sound in the early 1980s akin to Foreigner, Styx and Journey.\nOh, that sounds awesome. I like those artists so I will check out Petra. Are there other artists you would recommend from gospel or Christian rock?
Pasta is one of my favorite foods to eat!\nIt is part of the Italian diet and its been around since 1154\nWhat is the most popular pasta in Italy?\nI am not sure because it depends by area since each shape is dependent on where it comes from\nHow is pasta made?\nIt can be made through a mechanical process but most people make it by hand.\nWhat are the main ingredients?
I like to bake in my spare time. Do you?\nYes i love it! Cooking with dry heat in an oven is awesome. What type of things do you like to make?\nI have a huge sweet tooth so lots of baked goods (cakes, cookies, etc.) I also like cooking different things like stews and broths
I'm not really a fan of the color red.\nI love red. All the the shades from red crimson to red burgundy are so pretty!\nI think pink is a really cool color, but regular red just doesn't do it for me.  Maybe it is just too warm.\nMy favorite planet is Mars because it's red. Iron oxide is what gives it red tint.\nIron oxide is rust.  A lot of the earth's surface is also inundated with iron oxide, and other iron compounds, such as iron sulfate (pyrite).
I really love cheese, especially Gouda, the most popular cheese in the world, how about you?\nCheese does have an excellent flavor, Cheddar is my favorite because it is healthy for your teeth. Medical science also recently discovered that it is good for your heart :)\nCheddar is also the most popular type of cheese in the UK.\nI am pretty sure that cheese has enzymes and probiotics too. Wow, are you from the UK? What part?\nI'm not from the UK, I just really love cheese, so I know stuff like Cheddar is named for the village of Cheddar.\nWow, that is interesting, I never even knew there was a village called Cheddar! LOL\nThere is, and on the northern edge of the village, there's Cheddar Gorge, which is the largest gorge in the UK.\nDoes Munster come from Germany?
I've always considered becoming a baker because I love baking!
My dog loves dog bisquits. I give them to her throughout the day. They are the hard and dry type. \nAwww! That's cute! Do you give them to her as a reward for doing something specific, like a trick?\nWhen she was younger I did. Now it's more as a dietary supplement and a snack, like us humans. \nI'll bet she loves that! Do the bisquits have vitamins and other health benefits?\nI am not sure, but, the biscuits are supposed to help clean the dog's teeth, promoting oral health. \nThat's certainly an added benefit! It's very hard to brush a dog's teeth! Can you recommend a good brand of biscuits?
I work for a railroad company as a train conductor.\nThat sounds fun! You're responsible for the duties that involve the train operation? \nYep! I make sure that the train runs on schedule and I also direct the train's movement.
I am planning a trip to San Diego Comic Con, have you been?\nYes I love CC, San Diego Comic-Con International is a multi-genre entertainment and comic convention\nWhat is your favorite thing about comic con?\nProbably all the exclusives.  The name, as given on its website, is Comic-Con International: San Diego; but it is commonly known simply as Comic-Con \nI am going to see the walking dead characters\nThat will be fun  It is a four-day event (ThursdaySunday)\nFour days is long enough to see it all!\nYeah I have heard On the Wednesday evening prior to the official opening, professionals, exhibitors, and pre-registered guests for all four days can attend a pre-even\nI heard that as well. what would you suggest I do first?
Do you have a favorite cheese? I am a fan of Gouda cheese myself.\nI prefer American cheese but Gouda is also nice, it is made from cow's milk!\nI wonder how it got the name gouda. Maybe because it tastes good lol.\nActually the cheese originates from Gouda, Netherlands, so thats how it got its name! But I agree, it does taste goud!\nI did not know it was Dutch. Is that where they make Gouda cheese? In the Netherlands?\nI think Gouda cheese can be anywhere, it is only named after the city where it was historically traded\nDo you know when it originated? Was it recent or has Gouda been around for a long time?
Can you believe that I turn 37 next week, yet I've never had any alcohol before?\nMy father was an alcoholic growing up, but hes been sober for 20 years.So no alcohol for 20 years.\nI think after having had a problem with alcohol, being sober for 20 years is more of an accomplishment than never touching it at all.\nHe did the Twelve Step Program through Alcoholic Anonymous.  We're very proud of him.\nI would be as well!  Do you do anything to celebrate his sobriety anniversary? 
I am into sax easy jazz, how about you?\nI love jazz music.  I've always thought that it was America's classical music'\nI'm realatively new at it, but picked up onsax players like Roger Elliot, Kenny G, and some others - do youcare for Sax music?\nI do like sax music.  I used to listen to a lot of Kenny G back in the day.  I believe I even had his album Duotones\nThat was one of his better works - I also really got into Cand Dulfer\nCan you believe that Candy Dulfer began playing at the age of six?\nI did not know that - she sure can play some cool music\nYes, her band 'Funky Stuff' she created just when she was 14 years old.  Quite a musical prodegy\nYou really know a lot about her, I was most taken by her rendition of "Lily was here"
I'm looking to get my hair colored and dyed.  Do you have any recommendations on what's the best treatment out there these days?
I consider myself to be rather high-brow since I enjoy tasting expensive wines.\nI like tasting wine too, but it doesn't have to be expensive. I just think the sensory examination of any wine is cool.  \nI agree, but wasting money on expensive ones makes me feel better about myself.
Whats your favorite color , do you like the color red \nYes, I like the color red. But it's often associated with anger.\nreally , how so tell me more 
I really like to listen the gospel music, how about you?\nSince it is a genre of Christian music I'm not a huge fan myself.\nOhh, but you should listen at least once.\nI have listened to it, but the whole appeal of music geared towards both aesthetic and religion doesn't really appeal to me.\nI am myself not a christian, but yes I listen to all kinds of music, listen to 'Aretha Franklin Precious Lord, Part 1', I bet you'll like it\nI might have to try that and see if it changes my mind. One thing that is interesting is that it is as old as the early 17th century!\nyes, I that's what I think. I like the vintage kind of feel I get, when I listen to Gospel
My favorite color is red, it's also a primary color in the RGB color model?\nyes the three primary colors are yellow, red, and blue, blue is my favorite\nThe name of the color model RGB derives from the primary colors being used Red, Green, and Blue\nyes and all three colors can be combined to make all the colors of the rainbow, this makes sense as when you are looking at something 93% of the time we judge its appearence and how colors appeal to us\nYes, colors are a main part of how we judge the emotion of things as well. The Egyptians and Mayans also coloured their faces red in ceremonies. Even Roman generals had their bodies colored red to celebrate victory\nred is just a very vibrant color, ads with colors are read 42% more than black and white ads
Niagara Falls seems like a nice place to visit\nYes! I have been. It is on the international border between Canada and the United States. Do you like waterfalls?\nI do and they are really pretty
My favorite number is 7, I dont know I just feel it is lucky\nI've heard that. I'm not sure why that is either. \nDo you know anything about the number 7?
I love the color red, because red roses are my favorite.\nAh yes. Red, the color of Iron and of Mars. But more importantly, the color of Scuderia Ferrari! Corsa Rossa!\nScueria Ferrari!  Yes! What a beauty!  Red in their logo really sets them apart.\nI'm a big fan of the Iceman. Kimi Raikkonen, the Finn in the Ferrari.\nI'm not too familiar with racing, but I do enjoy watching it on TV every now and then.  My husband thinks I'm silly because I always root for the red cars!\nWell you can't go wrong rooting for the oldest sruviving and the most successful Fomula One team. Ferrari has competed in every season since 1950.\nThank you for the info!  You have intrigued me, and I am definitely going to research this more in depth!  You may have created a new fan of the Red Ferrari Formula One team!
I really love the color red! It is so vibrant!
One thing on my bucket list is to go to the San Diego Comic Con, it is a entertainment convention held each year in San Diego.\nI have always wanted to go to E3, the video game convention, that seems really cool as well
I've been coding all day, creating what I think is computer software, but my eyes are too glazed over to tell anymore.\nCoding sounds so interesting!  I wish I knew more about it!\nThere's certainly a lot to learn. There's C, C++, C#, Java, and a million other languages that all interact in different ways with each other.\nOh wow!  When did people start coding?
Red is the color of my soul. What color is your soul?\nI would say orange. It is close to red which is at the end of the visible spectrum.\nSuch a beautiful color. The color is fall\nI also like blue, which is the color of the sky and deep sea due to scattering of light.\nWhy is it the sky is blue unless you go up in a jet or space ship then it's clear. Total loss of color.\nIt is called Rayleigh scattering, caused by elastic scattering of light from particles much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation.\nCrazy! So much I need to learn.\nGoing back to the color red, it is the color of Mars because of iron oxide, also known for rust.\nI wonder how many shades of red are in this world.
i'd like to know about 7 from you\nOkay. The number 7 is after the number 6 and before the number 8.\nanything else?
Have you ever colored your hair.?  Dyeing it black, red, brown for example.\nno but I am curious\nIf you are curious perhaps you should start with a natural dye.  It's plant based so less harsh.\nWhat causes this?
I can't go more than a day and a half without taking a shower. Thank goodness for nature giving us the idea for showers, through waterfalls!\nWhen did we make the first shower?\nThe ancient greeks are the earlier known "modern type" shower users. before that it was pouring buckets on your head LOL.\nWhat are modern showers usually made of?
I am really afraid of clowns even though our modern clowns have been around since the 19th century.\nI don't blame you!  Clowns are creepy!  Hence the movie "IT".  Why do people have such a fear of them though?
I like to shop at Target. It's actually the second largest discount store in the US, next to Walmart.\nI also love Target, they are so clean inside.
Wine tasting is one of my favorite dates with my husband.\nI've never actually been to a real wine tasting myself.  I know a little about it and how it has been around as long as wine making has\nReally? I always thought it was more a modern ordeal.\nNo it's pretty ancient.  It became more of a "thinkg" in the 14th century and has gotten more and more popular since.\nWhere did it start, Italy?\nI'm not sure.  But since it has such a temperate and Mediterranean climate, it is really great for growing grapes.  I guess that's why it's always been known for it.  \nWhat kind of grapes are used to make wine/
I used to suffer from obesity, which is a medical condition in which excess body fat accumulates in the body. \nGood for you for fighting back, I hope you feel great now!
I don't like the color red that much what about you?\nEh, it's not my favorite but at least it's not yellow. Red is a primary color in the RGB model\nOh really?, could you tell me some more interesting facts about the color red?\nSure! Red is the color at the end of the visible light spectrum\nwow you are very informed on the color red, do you like wearing red clothing?
I am into sax easy jazz, how about you?
Are you going to the San Diego Comic-Con? It is really great to go to.\nnot really, i'm not near that city\nOh well there is a Comic-Con International convention, WonderCon, in Anahein, and the Alternative Press Expo, in San Francisco.\ni've never been into one of those events, but i would like to know what people do there
My brother is a soldier and i really think he is extremly brave.\nThat is cool they fight along side a army.\nYes, but  it's a very dangerous task i think soldiers really are people that love their country\nThe word "soldier" derives from the Middle English word "soudeour", most people dont know that.\nthat is so interesting i would have never imagined could you tell me more about the history of soldiers?
I've always wanted to go to San Diego's Comic-Con! Have you ever gone?\nI have not but I have wanted to go as well! It was founded in 1970!\nOh really? I had no idea! It seems so popular recently! I know the stars of my favorite show, The Walking Dead, usually make an appearance! What else can you do at Comic-Con?\nWell it is a 4 day event held every summer. You can meet your favorite characters and creators of many different comic related things.\nIt seems like a huge event! Do you know how many people usually attend?\nI'm not sure actually but I know it's a lot. Comic Con International also hosts two other conventions called WonderCon and the Alternative Press Expo.\nThanks I'll have to check those out too! Do most people wear costumes to Comic-Con? I don't want to look out of place!
I like baked food\nEating baked food is great, baking it is great fun too.\nI love pies
Right now I have bright purple hair!\nNice! Did you change your hair color by dyeing it?\nYes, I had it professionally done.
I once saw a Manta Ray at the beach and swam right next to it!\nManta Rays are very extraordinary creatures with their triangular pectoral. I hope one day I will finally go scuba diving and swim along one too\nI heard Manta Rays were dangerous, is that true?
I love taking my wife to the bakery.  That's the place where a baker works.\nWhen did humans discover the art of baking?\nBoy grains have been around as a staple food for millenia.  Baking those grains is really rather old.\nWhich country did  baking originate from?\nWell we know that there were enclosed ovens used by the greeks in the fifth and sixth century BC.\nGive me a dummy's definition for bakery
Do you love exercise?I do it to keep fit.Its called physical fitness.\nI do not love to exercise at all.  I know I should, and I feel better when I do, but I don't like it!\nIt's a  state of health and well-being .So I advice you should .\nYes, I agree.  I would feel much better if I did it more often.  It is hard to find the time.  Do you exercise at home or in a gym?\nBoth home and gym.We are adviced by Occupational safety and health (OSH), \nI would like join my local YMCA, they have a gym and offer free childcare for members.  It is hard to find places to work out since I have children.  
I have never drank alcohol\nThat is good, its ok not having any measurable levels or effects from alcohol\nWell at least I will never be an alcoholic\nyeah Sobriety is also considered to be the natural state\nIt is very natural and authentic for me\nWell i have read that sobriety is the achieved goal of independence from consuming alcohol\nYeah I think for alcoholics its a goal
I think I might have chronic fatigue syndrome because I'm so tired all the time\nDo you have long-term fatigue and other symptoms that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily activites ?\nI have been fatigue for awhile now. What kind of symptoms do you mean?\nWell fatigue is not due to strenuous ongoing exertion, it is not much relived by rest, and it is not due to a previous medical condition.  It is unexplained fatigue and severity of functional impairment\nYes, it is unexplained. No matter how much I rest I'm still tired. Is pain a symptom as well?
I think jazz music is awesome!  Many see jazz as being America's classical music!\nI love Jazz! Who's your favorite artist?\nI love them all!  I can't pick just one!  The Jazz age was in the 1920s and is now recognized as a major form of musical expression!\nAh, do you know where jazz was invented?\nIt originated in New Orleans, specifically in the African-American communities \nOh cool! Anything else cool about Jazz you can tell me?
Hey man, I love listening to Snoop Dog. You know the American rapper and songwriter?\nOh yeah. He's great. I like almost all his songs\nYeah, I mean he sold over 23 million albums in the US alone. Do you have any of them?\nI have Bush, it is really really good. His real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. and is from Long Beach
jazz music is a very interesting sound and interesting genre. what can you tell me about it\nI like jazz too. It originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries\nawesome im from there. i basically invented jazz then. but anyways where is jazz famous like countries?
I am planning to have my honeymoon in Niagara falls \nThat is exciting, they form the Southern end of niagara gorge. \nI was told that. Was it true it shared borders with United states and Canada?\nYes! in fact it is the horseshoe falls that fall on the United States side.\nI see, I will see all that when i go for my honeymoon. What are the things on interest over there?
I am a baker.  I am okay at it but not the best.
I have brown hair. It's really very common.\nhow did you get brown hair?\nI have higher levels of a pigment called eumelanin \ndid you inherit this property?\nI'm caucasian so this hair color is common in my ethnic group\ncan you tell me more about this pigment eumelanin?
I'm not really a fan of the color red.\nI love red. All the the shades from red crimson to red burgundy are so pretty!\nI think pink is a really cool color, but regular red just doesn't do it for me.  Maybe it is just too warm.
Obesity is a medical conditions where excess fat has accumulated and may have a negative affect on health.\ni know all about it\nSometimes people are considered obese when their BMI is in the range of being overweight. BMI is known as body mass index. \nwhat is considered obese ?\nThis depends on the individual person. As BMI is the body mass divided by the square of the body height.\noh thats true
I love rock and roll music.  Do you know much about the genre?\nIt's a genre of popular music that came about in the United States around the late 40s/early 50s, from African American musical styles, like gospel, jump blues, jazz, boggie woogie, and with some country music thrown into the mix!\nSo it has a lot of influences.  When was rock music the most popular?\nPerhaps in the 1950s and mid 1960s, as this was the time when the "more encompassing international style" of rock music came about\nIs rock and roll still popular today?  \nIt's hard to say. However, radio stations have much success playing classic rock and roll, which is a sub genre that usually has one or two electric guitars, a double bass or string bass or electric bass guitar, and a drum kit.\nI used to listen to the rock band Rolling Stones.  Are they still around today?
I've been diagnosed with Chronic fatigue syndrome. I get so tired and it limits what I can get done in one day.\nWhat is Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nThe technical term is myalgic encephalomyelitis. Its a condition where you have long-term fatigue. The cause is not understood though.\nIs their any solution?
I enjoy exercise, but I need to do more research about physical fitness.
I've been diagnosed with Chronic fatigue syndrome. I get so tired and it limits what I can get done in one day.\nWhat is Chronic fatigue syndrome?\nThe technical term is myalgic encephalomyelitis. Its a condition where you have long-term fatigue. The cause is not understood though.\nIs their any solution?\nThere have been no medications or procedures that have been approved for it in the United States.\nWhat do you intend to do\nIt has been suggested that cognitive behavioral therapy and gradual increase in exercise could help in some cases so I'm going to try that for now.\nTrying it out may be the best solution
I like Target. It's the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States\nYes, I like shopping there too. They have some different items than other similar stores.\nYeah, they have interesting things in their stores. They have found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.\nYes, they definitely have found a niche in the market. I wished they were in some of the smaller cities though.\nMe too. I grew up in a small town and always had to travel to another city to visit Target. The first store actually opened in the small town of Roseville, Minnesota in 1962\nFor some reason, I thought they had been around longer. But, that's still a long time.
I like baking food items.  The most common type of item backed is bread. Do you know anything about baking? \nYes I bake cookies for my kids. I usually use the oven.\nI also use baking in combination with grilling to make a hybrid type of barbecue.  Do you mix up cooking techniques? \nPrince (musician)\nUm, I've never cooked Prince before. But like I said, I like to use grilling also which is dry heat applied to food. \nI did, he reminds me of the old days. I don't cook him though, I only listen to his music!
I used to be really blonde but now I have brown hair.\noh yea? i have black/brown hair\nIt is the second most common hair color so that makes sense.\noh really? thats cool.
i have  brown hair, i love it sp much\nThere are so many shades, it is the second most common hair color for humans.\nI think it is really pretty on women
I am really good at written, visual, and audible processes that go into making youtube videos! \nOh okay, so you're a Youtuber, huh? That's kind of cool... I wish I had the confidence to do that. What goes into that, exactly?\nYup! Among other things, it involves involve correction, condensation, organization of material. Its tough but enjoyable.\nAre there more specifics you can give me about it in relation to Youtube?\nWell, editing can involve creative skills so you need to be very artsy to be a successful Youtuber!\nYeah, that makes sense. Most of this is obvious so far, no offense. I'm looking for something juicy, because I watch a lot of Youtube videos, so the behind-the-scenes sounds interesting. What do you really get into?\nI guess nothing about Youtube is surprising nowadays since its so commonplace. You probably already know about  video blogging, short original videos, and educational videos on it?\nI'm familiar, yeah. You probably have a point there. It's hard to say a lot of non-obvious things about something as big as Youtube, what with it being connected to Google now. Are there any fun facts you can tell me at all? Or what would you really like people to be more aware about?
I love Snoop Dogg, do you know much about him?
I used to have really blonde hair but now it is very brown, which makes sense since it's the 2nd most common human hair color.\nI have naturally brown hair but had to much gray so I went blonde too.\nWell my hair is brown now, or brunette as a lot of people call it.\nHair is just the pgmentation of the follicles due to two types of melanin, eumelanin and pheomelanin.\nI know, this pigmentation is what determines darker or paler hair colors.\nThe hair color of mummies or buried bodies can change. That is why Egyptian mummies have reddish hair. the melanin breaks down when oxidized\nThat's oddly similar to iron rust. Speaking of this, hair color can often determine hair thickness, like red hair being the thinnest.\nReally. Malnutrition can cause hair to get lighter , thinner and more brittle. Dark hair can turn reddish or blondish.
I work for a railroad company as a train conductor.\nThat sounds fun! You're responsible for the duties that involve the train operation? \nYep! I make sure that the train runs on schedule and I also direct the train's movement.\nThe name "conductor" is most used in North America. People in other areas of the world have other names for it. Do you ever work internationally? \nUnfortunately, I don't work internationally, but I have been on trains when I visited other countries. What other names do they have for a conductor?\nIn Commonwealth English they use the title "guard" or "train manager". Weird right?\nThat's so strange! Conductor sounds much cooler. I can understand "manager" but "guard" is a little strange.
I have a cousin who is obese can you tell me more about this topic? \nIt's a condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health.\nWow is there any way to help with obesity? 
Sometimes i wish i was Superman, the DC Comic book superhero.\nI am actually more of a Marvel Comic book fan.  
hey do you know much about Niagara Falls?\nI've actually visited Niagara Falls. It's three waterfalls between USA and Canada.\nOh thats cool, what state/area is it in?
I have brown hair, but it's pretty light. So light that sometimes under the right lighting it looks blond!\nWell, brown hair certainly varies from blond to almost black: which is what mine was until I turned gray!\nIs it weird that I'm a little jealous? I mean, I don't want to go full grey yet, but I'm about to be 30 and I'm hoping for some nice salt & pepper in the beard soon.\nApparently levels of melanin can cause hair color to change.  Hopefully you will get some "unpigmented hair" in your beard!\nI'm a little bit more worried about the pigmentation on my skin. Feeling pretty pale. I need to spend some more time outside.
Wine tasting always seemed so pretentious to me.\nI enjoy the evaluation wine.\nI still like drinking wine more than other alcohol tho\nI do also, the practice of wine tastin is as ancient as its production.\nYea its very important it has a good taste\nI wish i was a professional wine taster known as a sommelier.\nit would be nice but everyone seems a bit too snobbish.
Hello \nHello-- that reminds me of that Adele song.\nMy favorite color is red \nHave you red about how color studies can determine human behavior?\nyes  for example did you know that the color red has a meaning of protecting you from fear and anxiety\nColor can also interestingly influence things like the taste of food!\nYes. Did you know the color red is the highest arc in the rainbow
I love to exercise. I feel so sluggish on days when I don't work out at the gym.
Have you ever colored your hair? Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color :)\nI see. No i have not. But i will like to know the process involved \nOK, well..  Hair coloring can be done professionally by a hairdresser or independently at home; most of the time it's done at home to save money\nI see. When did this start and where did it originate\nI'm unsure of the history but I think it dates back to anicent roman/greece \nHmmm. Have you ever done it before?
We are visiting Niagara Falls for my upcoming honeymoon.\nThats great! The falls actually form the southern end of the Niagara Gorge in which I have been too 3 times. \nI bet it's a beautiful view.\nIt is I have been to all three waterfalls which are the Horseshoe Falls, the American Falls and the Bridal Veil Falls. You should visit them all. \nI didn't know there were different waterfalls.\nThe Horseshoe Falls which is my most favorite is just on the border of the United States and Canada, The falls are separated by Goat Island\nVery cool. What is on Goat Island?
I love rap music\nSnoop Dog is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr\nYeah I would kind of hope his real first name isn't Snoop\nHis music career began in 1992\nAh, he has been around for a while.\nSnoop Dog was discovered by Dr.Dre\nHe discovered quite a talent\nyeah.Snoop's debut album was released in 1993 by Dr.Dre\n I love that he is still relevant
I have 3 Ferrari cars in my garage and I hardly know nothing about them. i read some self help books, then I was rick all of the sudden.\nThose are some nice cars they are manufacturer in Maranello. \nYeah that's pretty cool. Do you know how old the company is?\nI want to say since about 1939 and the car was first built in 1940 what color's do you have?\nI have magenta, sky blue and another barbie pink.\nWow you have a various of colors I would love that barbie pink one I believe Blac Chyna has one as well.\nWell my wife uses the pink one. Do you know the most popular model of Ferrari? I'm thinking about getting a fourth one.\nNo I'm not sure you are the expert, the Scuderia Ferrari  are nice not sure if you have one yet they are used for racing team.\nHm... I always wanted to try some racing. maybe I get one of these. I really don't know much about them at all. I just find the look nice. Do you have a favorite model?
My all time favorite 80's band is Ah-Ha, with my favorite song being "Take On Me". What is your opinion of 80's music?\nI love all the major trends of 80's music, it's still popular to me! It's hard to pick, I was an 80's baby, were you?\nNo, I was not - was born in the 90's. What are some of your favorite 80's songs? I really enjoy "Whip It" by Devo - it managed to hit #1 on the Billboard charts.\nNo one can dance these days like they used to in 80's music lol. Madonna, Prince and Journey are awesome \nThose singers and bands are really great! I wish I could have been one of their first fans when they formed in 1973.\nCan you believe Madonna was born in 1958? That singer knows how to hold her age well. \nI know!!! And can you believe she is working on her 14th studio album?\nShe is still being praised by music critics? I didn't know she was still preforming in any way. Learn something new every day\nMy favorite album by her is "True Blue" - produced in 1986.
I don't like brown hair\nI love woman with brown hair. Brown hair is the 2nd most common hair color with black being the most common.\nBrown hair is the second most common human hair color, after black hair. It varies from light brown to almost black hair.
Almost all of the people in my family have brown hair. Although some have a varied shade of brown.\nI have brown hair, but it was actually pretty blond when I was small.
I believe physical fitness is not just body but health as well\nI agree. It helps with a lot of things. I think it helps with confidence in oneself too.\nyes, physical fitness is often achieved by proper diet, rest, and activity\nI try to get exercise every day, especially as I get older I realize how important it is.\nYes, me too, it is funny to think that before the industrial revolution fitness was defined as being able to go through the day's activities without fatigue, I guess that was before we sat on out rears on a computer working\nIt has definitely come a long way from that.  It's very popular now.
have you ever tried wine tasting? it is a sensory examination and evaluation of wines\nI have! We recently rewatched the movie Sideways, where there are some pretty funny scenes about wine tasting. Do you have a favorite vineyard or type of wine?\nwith all the varities of grapes and strains there are a lot of types, but they are all so good, I am not sure if i have a favorite!\nOf course a lot of people use wine tasting as an excuse to *drink* wine. Really, you're supposed to just hold it in your mouth for the taste, then spit it out!\nYeah there is certainly a portion of people that are more informal and do it for recreation in a much less analytical way\nThe most beautiful setting I ever did wine tasting was in Italy. Of course ;-) Nothing like being surrounded by the Tuscan countryside while sampling Chianti!\ni have heard they are known for the dessert wine Vin Santo, which is made from local grapes\nYes! And delicious! There's also another wine, Ripassa, that we love. Almost anything red, really. Or champagne ;-)
Red color is my favourite and bright color also\nI like red but is not my favorite \nIt is next to orange and opposite to violet. End of the specturm of light\nThat is true\nIt is primar colour. The red sk at sunset results from raleigh\nYou do get when you mix  color blue with red?
I have an identical twin brother! They were both born from the same pregnancy. Do you have any twins in your family? \nMy two little sisters were twins. How do twins develope?
So I am a big pasta fan.  I grew up on it and I don't even come from an Italian family.  Do you like pasta?\nI love pasta! It is amazing! It was created in Sicily back in 1154. \nI knew it went back a long ways, but I was unaware it was that long ago.  I like the fact that there are so many pasta dishes to choose from\nYes. There are a large number of variants of traditional dishes too. Like lasagna, for example. \nLasagna is good.  I really enjoy seafood lasagna.  Also I appreciate Cannelloni \nI've never had lasagna with shrimp. Sounds good though. But, Italian cuisine has developed through the centuries.\nYes it has.  It has come a long way from just plain noodles and olive oil\nYes. There are 2 types of pasta as well. Dried and fresh. I definitely prefer fresh. \nI do too.  It is much better
hello, i do like red and it is my favorite color\nHi! Yes I love the red sky at sunset from Rayleigh scattering! I also love the grand canyon red. Do you?\nso that what causes the color of red, the scattering\nIn the sky, yes. In general Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light next to orange.\nso red and orange are neighbors  :)
I've always wanted to color my hair some wild color like purple or green, but I'm not young enough for that.\nI don't think it matter how old you are! I'd say if you want to change the hair color go for it!\nMy husband would have a heart attack if I came home with purple hair.  I have learned that the older I get, the less I care about what others think.\nMy husband would probably have a heart attack too :) But hair coloring is so popular, 75% of women color their hair!\nI color my hair to cover the gray, but recently my stylist added sunkissed highlights and I love it!
hello, everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit\nThat's so nice of you! Dogs love those hard biscuits, it's like how humans love snack food!\nshe loves it and likes to do a twirl before she gets one, so cute
I really like pasta but my husband isn't fond of it. Do you like it?\nI love pasta! I could eat it for every meal! Dried or fresh, it doesn't matter to me!\nDo you know much about pasta? I just know I like it haha\nYes I do! I love pasta so much that I learned all about it! I recently read that pasta was first created in 1154 in Sicily! That's a long time!\nWow I would have never guessed it's been around that long. I like that you can use all types of sauces and toppings for it
My cousin just gave birth to twin boys\nWow, having two kids in the same pregnancy must have been an experience.\nWell she had a daughter first but still it was a unexpected surprise.\nIn fraternal twins, each twin is fertilized by its own sperm cell\nThey and identical twins the look like you copy and pasted a baby\nThe birthrate of twins in the US rose 76% from 1980 to 2009\nThat is kinda crazy! But I dont think I have seen a pair in many years\nI have seen quite a few. Non related look alikes that aren't twins are called doppelgangers. I have a few of them,\nI wonder if they share personailty traits or just looks
Have you ever gone swimming with a manta ray? They are large rays that belong to the genus Manta.\nI have not. Is it scary?\nI have never been near one! lol I know they live in warm, subtropical and tropical waters. I think I would be terrified! lol\nAre they located in all parts of the world?
Hello. I have chronic fatigue syndrome, which means I'm always low on energy.
Do you know why 6 was afraid of 7? BECAUSE 7 8 9!\nHaha  One of my favorite jokes, any more?\nMore jokes about arabic numerals such as the number 7? No, I'm afraid that's all I have at the moment.\nAre you from Arabia?
I just love baking, I love to bake item like bread and pastries but I make lots of other types of foods as well. \nme too! I love baking and cooking in general. baking and decorating cakes is my favorite\nMe too, I just love to form it into cool shapes and top it with sweet icing for dessert. \ni even used fondant. it doesn't taste good but the cake looks so beautiful\nAh yes fondant is so simple, i make it with sugar and water stabilized with gelatin and a pinch of glycerine. Its an old recipe indeed. \ni actually made a marshmallow fondant, it tastes a little better than the original one
What is your favorite number? Mine is the number 7
I love fast cars which is why I bought a Ferrari.\nYeah Ferrari is my favorite sports car manufacturer in Maranello\nI wonder how much the very first Ferrari cost to buy.\nI'm not sure, but I do know that Enzo Ferrari wasn't initially interested in producing road cars back when he formed Scuderia Ferraria in 1929\nI didn't know that, do you know when they made the first model?\nI know that Ferrari didn't start producing sports cars until 1947, 18 years after the Scuderia Ferrari racing team was formed!\nThey waited a long time to make their own, who raced for them I wonder.
Ferrari N.V. () is an Italian sports car manufacturer\nAren't they really fast?
I'm thinking about coloring my hair purple. \nThat sounds cool. Is it to cover up grey or white hair?\nYes, I'd like to hide my greys in a fun way. Is there anything I should know beforehand?\nWell you can do it yourself, or you can go to a professional hairdresser.\nI think I'd rather leave it to professionals! Do you know what hair coloring is made of?\nNo but is extremly popular. Almost 75% of women dye their hair!\nWow, I had no idea so many women did!
I love the color red. It is so vibrant!\nThen join me friend, let's venture to the Red Planet! Let's go to Mars with Elon Musk!\nWho is Elon Musk? Haha! I know the Red Planet is Mars, but I'm lost on Elon. \nElon Musk is the founder of SpaceX which is short for the Space Exploration Company. His Falcon Heavy rocket could take us to Mars.\nWell let's go! This world is pretty terrible, so I'm willing to check out the next one.\nWell I hope you don't bring too much luggage. The Falcon Heavy rocket can only get 8,000 kilograms to Geostationary Orbit.\nOh no. Better leave most of my wardrobe then. I have so many clothes it's not funny!
I love Ferraris, and Italian sports cars in general.\nWell, I can certainly see why. And now the most important question of all: what color do you prefer?
i have a very tone body. I love physical fitness to improve my well being and health. \nThat is good the better shape you stay in the better you will feel as you age\nYes I agree. I achieve it through proper nutrition and exercise as well as good rest is important.\nSounds like you really know what you are doing
Hi!  Do you know anything about manta rays?\nI know they are found in warm temperature such as subtropical and tropical water!\nThey are pretty amazing creatures.  You can swim with them as they are quite docile.\nYes they are so large too! And belong to the genus Manta.\nWow!  do you know any other cool facts about them?  I didn't know their genus!\nSo they are similar to whales as in they breach, but no one really knows why!\nThat is crazy.  I would never have thought they would be grouped with whales.  How big do they get?\nWell I knot there's a larger species that's called M. birostris width wise.\nThat's cool.  Are they able to jump out of the water when they breach or do they just poke out a little?
I just love baking for other people! I like making breads and cakes.\nI really enjoy baking too, although i only know how to make cookies
Man, I love some nice quality cheese. Gouda is my favorite. How about you?\nAlthough Gouda is one of the most popular cheeses, I admit I've never tried it before! I like a good ol' cheddar cheese.\nYou have to expand your horizons brother! There are so many more types of cheese out there! Do you like any other kinds?\nYou're right! I love mozzarella cheese - especially in pizza! \nYes, that's true! Pizza just isn't the same without a good fatty mozzarella. But with a little Gouda on there too, its heaven. Do you know how its made? \nGouda? No. I know it means "cheese from Gouda, the Netherlands". How is it made?\nI have no idea, but I guess with the same bacteria cultures used for other types. I worked with a guy who was making lots of different cheeses. 
I drive a Ferrari. They're pretty nice, you ever drive one?\nPssh...Bro I have two of those Italian sports car's. \nReally? Man, I've jealous. I had to save up for years to buy mine. What model do you have?\nI have two 250 GTO's a 1962 and a 2008. I was looking at a 2018 but you know it's time I get something faster. \nHello yeah. Always looking for bigger and better. I am eyeing the newer 2018 models as well. Do you know how old the company is?\nIt was founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari. They built their first car in 1940.\nWow, I had no idea they were so old! Do you like classic cars? 
I love shopping at Target, its so much better than Walmart even if its a little more expensive.\nYes, i agree. I love Target also. I think Target has established itself now as one of the highest earning stores other than Wal mart\nReally, I heard they had to close their whole Canadian operation because of poor sales.\nI am in the USA . Target established itself as the highest earning in the Dayton-Hudson division \nWhere is that ? In Ohio ?
I did not realize that Niagara Falls was actually three waterfalls between the US and Canada\nNo many people do. They are amazing though. It was my parents favorite place to vacation.\nI've never been there but I have heard of Bridal Veil Falls - just didn't realize it was part of the Niagara\nIt is a must see. Especially if you have children. It can also be a laid back couples trip. See it from both sides, US and Canada.\nI cannot believe that more than six million cubic feet of water goes over the falls every minute - that is crazy a lot of water!\nThink of the power that could be generated from that much force.\nThat's a lot better than nuclear power - even though it is an alternative to fossil-fuel power systems.\nRenewable is future for the next generations. The falls are beauty, power and entertainment all in one.
I've always considered becoming a baker because I love baking!\nme too! I would so work in a bakery!\nI think it would be fun! All the pies and cakes and rolls I could make! I love the smell of fresh baking bread!\nme too! I love breads made with yeast. it's relatively recent to make bread with yeast\nOh really? How did they used to make it before yeast I wonder ? \ni'm not sure but Greeks baked over seventy-two varieties of bread! Can you believe that?\nWhat? I didn't even know there were that many varieties!\nyes. and Romans used honey and oil. i bet their bread tasted so good\nOh that sounds amazing. I make croissants sometimes and put honey butter on top of them. It is amazing.
Science Fiction often predicts future inventions, t is an act of creative imagination.\nYes, you said that right, a lot of Star Wars, or Star trek inventions became a reality \nThe difference to fantasy is that it avoids the supernational and often has a foundation in actual science. I love Star Trek as well. \nYes, science fiction can predict the future, but a lot of other shows also, like The Simpsons predicted the Ebola outbreak, have you heard of that?\nNo, tell me more about it. Isn't Ebola this dangerous virus that can cause internal and external bleeding.\nYes it is, and the Simpsons predicted it in one of their sketches that was filmed back in 1997!
I really like baking.  One of the most common things to bake is bread.\nDo you know when baking first originated?\nI do not know when it was first originated.  I would assume a long time ago though!  I do know in the past baking was typically performed by women in the house.\nWhat are the main baked good that are popular around the world?
I used to have bright red hair but as the years have gone by it has become more brown.\nI had blonde hair that turns brown... I hate it so I dye it blonde. It is the 2nd most common hair color.\nI don't bother dying mine. I think I'm starting to get a few grey hairs anyway. The brown/red balance is the least of my worries.\nYou must not be a female.. lol I mean brown varies from light to dark, but I prefer blonde\nYou guessed correctly! But I did once have hair down to my shoulders. Perfect little red ringlets.\nI find it interesting that brown hair is thicker than blonde but red hair is even thicker.\nIt's true! My individual hairs are quite thin and silky, but the density of folicles on my scalp is 3 times that of other people.
Hey do you go to the gym?\nYes I do. The act of fitness before the industrial revolution was looked at as the ability to complete a days activities without being fatigued.\nThat's great! What types of workout's do you do at the gym?\nI do whatever keeps my body in shape. Fitness is known as the quality of being fit and being in that state of mind.\nSo, how many days a week do you go to the gym?
Hello!  Are you into baking cakes?  \nI love to eat them, but I've never baked them before. It is difficult?\nIt is not that difficult.  You just have to use the correct ingredients like flour, eggs etc. \nWhat do you do with all of the ingredients? Do you throw them in a bowl?
Hi, I like jazz music. Do you like jazz music?\nYes, i like it because Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans, United States\nYes, it came from both blues and ragtime.
I used to have very blonde hair and now I've got really brown hair which is the second most common color.\nThat's interesting. I myself had blonde hair til like 11 years and then it turned brown.
Hey there! Let talk about numbers,, mine is 7,how about your?\nWhy should we talk about numbers. My favorite number is 4
My husbands favorite color is red.  do you like that color?\nYes . I like the ranges of red also. Scarlet has some yellow in it and I like the paler reds and the burgundy's also\nScarlet and grey is Ohio State colors which is why my husband loves red so much!\nOh, the color of blood comes from hemoglobin, but strawberries and red apples are colored by anthocyanins.\nwow that is interesting.  
Is 7 considered lucky?
I have super super dark brown hair most people think my hair is black\ndoes your family also have dark hair - true black hair is a dominant genetic trait among people of all backgrounds and ethnicities\nI know my mom is a red head, I never met my dad but my mom said his hair color was the same, and he was very light complected like myself and my mom\nThat's interesting because a darker person usually have more individual hair follicles on their scalp so they are darker.  Are you siblings the same?\nI have 1 brother blonde and blue eyed
I have got a new job! You know anything about conductors?\nHmm you must be pretty brave to take a job without knowing the job description. As a conductor you will be a train crew member responsible for operational and safety duties that do not involve actual operation of the train.\nWell, my uncle got me the job. He did not tell me any of this! I am supposed to start tomorrow so was trying to find out info on it. What else do you know, deciding to be nervous or not...\nGood for you! Your responsibilities  as a conductor will include: making announcements and opening and closing doors. Pretty simple, no need to be nervous.\nPhew! My mind is at ease. The doors, I can do with no issues. Safety issues is the part that scares me lol, I can barely keep my plants alive
I really like the color red. I find it beautiful.\nthe color red has a wavelength of approx. 625-740 nanometres\nIs red one of the primary colors?\nIt is at the end of the spectrum light. it sits next to orange and is opposite of violet.\noh okay. What else can you tell me about the color red?
Right now I have purple hair, have you ever dyed your hair?\ni died it blonde once, never again.\nI know you can go from light to dark blonde, which way did you dye it?\nfrom light to even lighter
I Love baking bread and other foods!\nme too
I love pasta. Havent had it in a while.\nPasta is an Italian food staple for sure\nIs there a good italian place where you live?\nYeah and pasta dates back to 1154 in Sicily\nVery specific. How do you know so much about pasta?\nI love pasta and its commonly referred to as noodles\nIve never heard any one call it noodles before.
Is obesity as big of a problem in america as some people are making it out to be?\nSadly, I think it is. Two out of three men in the US are considered to be obese or overweight and the rates for women are actually much higher.\nOh wow, really? Would you happen to know an overall percentage of obesity in America? \nI don't know the exact numbers, but the US contains one of the highest percentage of obese people in the entire world. That's not a good statistic for us!\nOh, no it's not! Is there anything the average american can do to fight obesity?\nAbsolutely! Obesity is usually preventable in most cases through a combination of personal choices and social changes. We need to eat less and exercise more!\nAh, yes, see that's the hard part, isn't it, haha! You mentioned women had a different rate than men with being diagnosed with obesity, could you tell me what it is?\nNo one is really sure why women have more instances of obesity, but it's a huge problem. People who are obese have higher instances of type 2 diabetes, depression, cardiovascular diseases and even cancer!\nOh those links make sense, as if you're obese you probably won't be able to do much.
Red is such a great color!\nRed is a dynamic and exciting color that many see as romantic.\nAgreed, red is also on the opposite side of the spectrum as violet.\nRed is a primary color as well. It just goes so well with many color combinations.\nOh I know, red also has a dominant wavelength of about 625 to 740 nanometres.\nWow, so I wonder if the darker the color the more dominant the wavelength is.\nMaybe, I don't really know what dominant wavelength means compared to just wavelength.\nRed really is a popular color to represent power as well.
I really like the color red. I find it beautiful.\nthe color red has a wavelength of approx. 625-740 nanometres\nIs red one of the primary colors?\nIt is at the end of the spectrum light. it sits next to orange and is opposite of violet.\noh okay. What else can you tell me about the color red?\nthe red color in blood actually comes from something called hemoglobin\nI remember that word from school. I forgot about that.
My dad is a huge fan of showtime networks but i dont even remember what type of content they produce. Do you?\nShowtime programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series.\nohh gotcha. When did showtime get its start?
Jazz music is so fun to listen to!\nI enjoy Jazz also. Jazz is pretty much America's classical music.\nYeah, it's so creative and is the result of blended cultures\nI love the polyrhythms and improvisation. Also the swing and blues influences.\nThere's so much diversity in jazz, it's great!\nIt's probably so great because it originated in African American communities in New Orleans.\nTrue, that makes it really unique.
Have you ever been to niagara falls? It is quite the sight!
Rock and roll is my favorite music !\nI'm not to big on rock and roll especially not heavy metal but I like when it is mixed in blues records and country records.\nIs there anything else that you could tell me about rock and roll?\nNot really I just know it is from the United States and United Kingdom you are the rock fan give me some pointers who is some great people to listen to?\nOne of my favorite artist would have to be johnny cash\nI know of Johnny Cash I have seen him in movies he is a worldwide best selling music artists what's your favorite song from him?\nRing of fire is my favorite johnny cash song !
Red is my favorite color.\nMine is green!\nI like it cause it is next to orange and opposite violet.\nI generally prefer warmer colors :D\nRed has 625-740 nanometers.\ncool, anything else you know about the color 'red'?\nIt is a primary color which is in the RGB color model.\nThat's cool!
I used to have bright red hair but as the years have gone by it has become more brown.\nI had blonde hair that turns brown... I hate it so I dye it blonde. It is the 2nd most common hair color.\nI don't bother dying mine. I think I'm starting to get a few grey hairs anyway. The brown/red balance is the least of my worries.\nYou must not be a female.. lol I mean brown varies from light to dark, but I prefer blonde\nYou guessed correctly! But I did once have hair down to my shoulders. Perfect little red ringlets.\nI find it interesting that brown hair is thicker than blonde but red hair is even thicker.\nIt's true! My individual hairs are quite thin and silky, but the density of folicles on my scalp is 3 times that of other people.\nNice! Australian Aborigines and Melanesians are mainly brown too.\nThat's neat. I've heard that the aboriginal people of Japan, the Ainu, occasionally had red or blonde hair. Is that real or am I just crazy?
i wish i could lose weight, i'm so obese \ni have some excess body fat as well. so i feel you on that\ni don't even know how i became so obese\ni don't know your situation but obesity is most commonly caused by exessive food intake, lack of physical activity and even genetic susceptibility\ni do workout but i think i overeat. I tend to eat a lot when i'm stressed
I really love the number 7!\n5,6,7,8 What makes it so special. it can be written in several ways you know !\nReally like Roman numerals?\n7 follows a natural progression.  In the Bible, I believe it stands for completion\nOh that's fascinating. Are there any other numbers significant in the Bible?
Pasta is great with so many things.\nI know, I love italian food and especially a staple like pasta.\nIts so good and has spread through so many cultures as well.
Good morning!  Have you seen the new Ferrari 488 Pista yet? Looks amazing!\nI have not seen it yet. Is it an update to the 458?\nNo, it is the racing version of the 488 GTE.  It'll be coming in four different colours!\nAhh, I see. Do you know how much the 488 Pista costs?\nIt will not be for sale.  It is being made exclusively for customers involved in the company's motor sports programmes.\nOk. I saw there is another version called the Pista Piloti that is even more powerful!\nIt's amazing what they can make their engines do!
Snoop Dogg better know as Cordozar Brodus,Jr was one of the best American rappers.\nHe is a gift to the world of Hip Hop
I like jazz music. It is a genre that originated from New Orleans by the African Americans\nOh, Mee too like jazz music. can you share more about that
Ferrari is the coolest car company\nI agree. The company has been around since 1939.\nI had no idea that it had been around that long\nYup, it has been around for a while. Interesting though is that it was 1947 before the first "Ferrari" was built.\nReally? Are they still in production?
Snoop Dogg better know as Cordozar Brodus,Jr was one of the best American rappers.\nHe is a gift to the world of Hip Hop\nHe started in the 90's and was discovered by Dr Dre\nYes, I don't see him sing much these days, is he retired?\nThat man sold a lot of records, It was like 23 million  in the united states alone\nThat's solid, I hope he has diversified just like Dr. Dre that's into Information Technology, I heard he is on the board of Apple
The number of 7 is a really interesting number.\nWell, I guess it could be! It's considered lucky for some people. \nYeah a lot of people a superstitious about that.\nSailors have lots of superstitions that are specific to being a mariner. Do you know of any of those superstitions?\nYeah I think red sky at night, sailors delight is a sailor superstition right?
I love cooking but I am a terrible baker! I need to bake an apple crumb cake, what do I do?\nWell usually whenever I need baking help I Google it so I'd suggest that! I like baking bread sometimes, but cakes and cookies are good too.\nOhh bread.. Maybe I will make that... How do you make bread?
Seven is my favorite number!\nMine too! Its been known that since 1977, the muppeteer eric jacobson has been centered as berts performance on sesame street\nI did not know that! Do you know why other people think it's a lucky numbe?\nNot sure! But I know of a charcter named lucky on the show general hospital. the characters name is lucky spencer. cool name, huh?\nThat would be a neat name, does Lucky like the number 7?\nI dont see anything about his favorite number, but i know he wa born in 1985. nothing to do with the number 7 though :/ he was cast in 93 for the show.\nDo you know if there are any shows based on the number 7?\nNo, I dont know of any shows, but I think theres a movie called Se7en. It has Jjim Carey in it if im not mistaken. I really like medicine shows though. Theyre touring acts  that help heal people between different kinds of entertainment. Its actually reall cool\nI haven't heard of the movie Seven. Did it win any awards?
Wine tasting is truly amazing. There are so many different varieties.\nOh yes, the practice is ancient since the 14th century. It's slowly been refined over time\nI especially love to learn about all the pairings as well. It makes the meal a lot better.
I love christmas! speccially because my favorite color Red is everywhere you go!, do you like the color red?\nYes I love red as well it is a very vibrant dominant color and has a wavelength of 625-740. I love the color for Christmas as well and Valentines Day.\nYes it is! also i see the color red as It attracts attention more than any other color, at times signifying danger.\nYou are right the shades and variations of Red does have it meaning in different selections just like cautious behaviors etc. \nTottally agree on you! i also love it because my favorite team of soccer, manchester united founded in 1899 wear the color red, as a way to fight comunism that wears this color as their flag\nI didn't know that is why they wore red great fact to know. Did you that Ancient Egyptians colored their face red to celebrate victories. \nWao no idea, so cool, i guess the importance of colors has been here since the begining of times, also in the bible refers to the color Red when moses turn the sea into red to show the king of Egipt he was coming from God!
I love baking. Do you like to bake?\nYes I love using prolonged dry heat to make cookies!\nnice. what does that mean?
Do you enjoy baking items like bread or cookies?\nyes i actually have a lot of experience in baking especially cakes and brownies\nDo you have any special techniques to make sure the cakes and brownies heat thoroughly?\nInstead of putting the oven 350 like the recipe calls for, I lower the temperature to 300-325 and let it bake a little longer instead of blasting it with high heat
I have a very tone body and I am in a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.\nWow!  What exercises did you do to get the toned body?\nI do mainly Strength training. It specialize in the  use of resistance to induce muscular contraction which builds the strength, anaerobic endurance, and size of skeletal muscles.\nThat's smart!  Do you have to do any extensive cardio exercises to keep up the toned body?
I just love pasta - do you?\nI love pasta! and overall all italian cuisine, you know typical food from italy\nI just love all the different toppings you can put on it - and you can get so creative with them also\nWell, Italy, with around 61 million inhabitants and being the fourth mos populous EU member state they sure have a lot o chefs and a lot of diferent recipies!\nwow - I didn't realize that many lived there.
Do you like pasta? It's an Italian dish used in Sicily in 1154.\nUnfortunately not. I'm more of a hamburger kind of guy. 
Hair coloring or dyeing is changing the hair color from it's original color. My favorite color was smurf blue!\nMy daughter dyed her hair blue at one point! What else can you tell me about hair dyeing?\nThe main reasons people color their hair is to cover gray or white hair but now people just like to be creative\nI've seen so many different colors lately. Pink seems to be popular.\nYes, definitely! It's crazy to think in a study done by University of Copenhagen it found 75% of woman and 18% of men colored their hair\nThat is crazy! We all want to change what we were born with don't we! lol  I have never been blue but I do keep my blonde going. What is the most popular color?
I really like baking.  One of the most common things to bake is bread.\nDo you know when baking first originated?
Hi, what is your opinion on obesity? I think it is certainly a problem and nobody respects people who try to live healthy I feel like\nWhat do you think obesity is caused by? I feel like if people would be more active that would help\nI think that is part of it, but also, it takes a lot of discipline to make your own food, and since all fast food is essentially bad for you, people can make wrong choices very easily
Do you know what Chronic fatigue syndrome is?\nI am not entirely familiar, but I know it is not due to what usually causes fatigue which is ongoing exertion.\nAny idea what causes it? Ive heard of it, and of course have felt fatigue just from everyday life, but I cant say its chronic..\nNo, doctors still do not know the cause.  It could be biology, genetics or in someone's head from what I understand anyways.\nIve been looking into pain causes, has ive always dealt with back pain, been following some research being done by some doctors that are big into treating pain with weight lifting, it really has made a difference for me. alot of what they say is pain is mostly in your head.\nI had some back pain once and it shot into my arms and hands, I actually went to a chiropractor and she bent me back into shape and the pain was gone.\nI used to do the chiropractor stuff, and it just didnt seem to help and was a waste of money. Ive started lifting regularly and things have progressed more in the last 6 months then they have the last 4 years working with a chiro. Kind of feel like it was a big waste of money...
I love to go to comedy clubs! Have you ever been to the Carolines on Broadway?\nno i've never been to any comedy club! but i always wanted to. 
My favorite color is red, I love it and try to get everything in red!\nI like red too! It's the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light.\nDoes it mean something about people that have red as their favorite color?
Snoop Dogg is so awesome, he's a great rapper and does a lot for his community as well
Do you like Snoop Dogg I think he is overrated 
Do uo
I just dyed my hair a purplish red last friday.\nYou must like changing your hair color. What color did you dye? \nIt was called deep violet but because I still had red in my hair it turned out a pretty purple and red color.
I know it's kind of weird...but I like to take cold showers :)\nYou need to take advantage of the indoor structure of showers so I say do what you want!\nOnce you get used to them, they are actually quite nice for waking you up. A bit..shocking I dare sya\nI agree! You know there are early signs of Egyptians having indoor shower rooms where servants would bathe them?\nI did not know that, but I'm not surprised. I'm not sure when the first person got that bright idea, but it was probably far, far back\nWell actually it just started with someone pouring a jug of water, which was often very cold. You would have liked that!\nHah, probably! Anything else interesting you know?
I have black hair. Not surprising because I'm Asian...you?"\nUhmm ,I have black hair too...\nwell, it's a dominant trait, so I guess it's pretty common\nYeah it is...as they say black is beauty.How about red hair?\nRed hair is pretty rare...just 1-2% of humans. Makes for good ginger jokes though\nOK ,what race is red hair associated with?\nI just know northern European. Probably Irish\nOK ,what's the origin of black hair?
Sometimes i wish i was Superman, the DC Comic book superhero.\nI am actually more of a Marvel Comic book fan.  \nSometimes when i daydream, i wish i was Shazam, the Marvel comic book superhero.\nWhat about those superheros interest you?
I have brown hair.\nNeat! Do you like it? Is it natural or did you dye it? 
I love exercising, it really gets me into a state of health and well-being. Do you exercise\nMe too, I think excersising is the best. I like to run on the treadmill. What kinda workouts do you do? \nNothing beats going outside for a jog, getting that good sunlight and fresh air. But physical fitness isn't achieved through exercise alone,  fitness is generally achieved through proper nutrition. Do you eat healthily?\nI do eat healthy, I try and drink a fruit smoothie every morning and in the evening I drink a protein shake. Do you think protein shakes are good for workouts? 
I just love staying physically fit.  There is nothing else like feeling in shape.  Fit people can better perform physical task like sports.\nIt feels good afterwards. That good sore you feel through your body. Do you know a lot of being physically fit?
I love Jazz music it is so soothing and the sound just makes you want to dance all night. \nI know it is considered to be "America's classical music."  But I don't know a lot about it. \nIt is originated back in the late 1900's I know a little about the sound because my granddad played the genre alot. 
I have a PS4, and have had every playstation console prior to that one too. Do you or did you have one?\nI used to own a PS3 but our house was robbed a couple months ago so we lost everything, we just got a new tv so were working on a playstation again\nOh no! Im sorry to hear that! What about the playstation 2? Did you ever have that one?\nYes, i had a playstation 2 at one point! that was a long timeago! wow\nYes the best selling console to date, reaching over 155 million units sold as of 2012!\nwow! i didnt know that! im more of a nintendo person! i love the wii
hii do you hear abour jazz?
Do you dye your hair - or change the color in any way?\nNot at all, but I see a lot of people that do especially on my college campus.\nThe main reasons are cosmetic - to cover gray or to change to a more fashionable color - or even to correct bleaching by the sun\nMost of the ones that I have seen are the girls that really like to dye their hair blue or red.
I love wine. I like to taste different types and examine it with my senses.\nReally? I don't drink alcohol so I know nothing about wine. Are there different types of wine?\nYes definitely! There are reds and whites. My favorite is white wine. It can range in color from straw-yellow to yellow-gold\nDo they taste different? What is wine made of anyways?\nYes, the reds are more sweet and the whites a little "sharper". Wine is made starting with fruit that is then fermented into alcohol. Most people use grapes but it can be made with berries too.\nInteresting! I know people drink different types of wine when they eat different type of meat
I enjoy gospel music when I hear it, but I don't know a lot about it.\nI am a christian and I love gospel music because it is a genre of christian music. \nWho are some of your favorite gospel music artists?\nI am a fan of rock music too so i like Petra as one of the pioneer of the Christian rock\nOh, I have never heard Petra.  What are the names of some Petra songs?
Do you like baking. The most common item is bread but other types of food are baked also.\nI love to eat baked goods, but am the world's worst baker! What other types of food are baked?\nCookies and cakes. The heat gradually transfers from the surface to the center in regular ovens to get that baked taste.\nWonderful. Any idea where the concept of baking things came from?\nIt has a familial past where women and some men make things in bakeries and restaruants for local consumption\nThat's interesting. My Great Grandfather was a baker. I wonder if that practice you mention still goes on somewhere in the world.
I love wine tastings, what about you?\nPersonally, I am not much of a drinker; but I do know a little about wine tasting.  It has been around forever, it seems.  But the methodology of it today was really established around the 14th century.  Do you have a preference on wine?\nI like red wines most of all but will try it all. I am not big on drinking either, though
Obesity is a very prominent issue that even i struggle with.\nThat's true. I know when someone is obese they have so much extra weight it can be really dangerous for their health.\nAgreed. It is also a hard thing to overcome because the addiction of an obese person is literally right around the corner no matter where you go.\nYes, and obesity makes it more likely to get other diseases and issues. I know many get Diabetes, sleep apnea, depression and others.\nWhat is sleep apnea?\nIt is where a person stops breathing for a time while they sleep. Obesity is caused by factors such as overeating, no exercise and genetics.\nOhh okay. What kind of genetic disorders make obesity a possibility?
Hi\njazz is a music genre that originated in the African AMERICAN COMMUNITIES\nInteresting. Do you enjoy Jazz?\noh yes, i enjoy it, it si seen by many as America's classical music\nWhat is your favorite style of Jazz?
I love taking my wife to the bakery.  That's the place where a baker works.\nWhen did humans discover the art of baking?\nBoy grains have been around as a staple food for millenia.  Baking those grains is really rather old.\nWhich country did  baking originate from?\nWell we know that there were enclosed ovens used by the greeks in the fifth and sixth century BC.\nGive me a dummy's definition for bakery\nBakers will make bread using an oven, or any heat source to bake bread.\nOk what does one need in order to bake
I have brown hair.\nNeat! Do you like it? Is it natural or did you dye it? \nIt is natural, it is the second most common hair color.\nNeat! I personally have blonde hair..What is the most common har color?\nIt is second to black hair.\nWow! Do you like having brown hair? Or would you prefer another color?
I want you to know that my favorite color is red.\nThat's cool! Red is a primary color and is the complementary color of cyan.\nHave you ever seen a red panda? They are rather amazing.\nI have never seen a red panda although I understand it has reddish-brown fur and a long shaggy tail.\nYes, did you know that China owns all pandas in the world? We only have them in zoos because we lease them.
I have brown hair, my sister says it is the second most common hair in the world\ni have blackish hair\nMost brown hair can vary to a black or dark brown sometimes.\nso what is the most common hair color, black?\nYup! and people with brown hair are often referred to as brunettes.\nwhat makes the color of hair?\nIt is the pigmentation in the hair. The word brunette is the feminine form of the French word "brunet".\nso the word brunet means brown?
My dad is a huge fan of showtime networks but i dont even remember what type of content they produce. Do you?\nShowtime programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series.\nohh gotcha. When did showtime get its start?\nThe company was established in 1963 as Showtime/The Movie Channel Inc.\nThe movies channel lol. What a fitting name. What are some popular showtime shows?\nI don't remember but the showtime brand is used by a number of channels around the world but primarily refers to the group of 8 channels in U.S.\nOh wow they have 8 channels? They are really something. What else is intersting about showtime?\nIn 1985 Warner sold its half-interest in the company to Viacom, that is now its sole owner/\nOh i didnt know warner used to own showtime. And viacom ive heard quite a bit about them. How much does showtime make annually?
Do you know that Snoop Dog's real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.?\nWow! Didn't know about that ,would love to know more about the rap icon\nHe was discovered by Dr. Dre, and as a result he was featured on Dre's solo debut, "Deep Cover\nNice,Dr Dre,is surely a great producer.what's more
let me tell you something... childcare is so expensive!!\nIt is but quality care at a young age is so important\ni agree and that's why i'm a stay at home mom. I used to work at a daycare and there is so much negligence! \nYes, child care providers are actually the first teachers a child has\nunless you home school :) then you are the first teacher\nQuality care can mean everything in the world to future success of a child\ni strongly agree! \nI guess that cultural conventions are important for young kids also\ncan you tell me more about cultural conventions?
My brother is a soldier and i really think he is extremly brave.
Gosh I just love the comic con, especially the one in San Diego that celebrates every year!\nwho is your favorite character!\nMy favorite might be Marceline, the 1000 year old vampire queen!\noh never heard of her. sounds interesting
Do you know what Chronic fatigue syndrome is?\nI am not entirely familiar, but I know it is not due to what usually causes fatigue which is ongoing exertion.\nAny idea what causes it? Ive heard of it, and of course have felt fatigue just from everyday life, but I cant say its chronic..
Do you ever bake? The method for cooking food with dry heat.\nI've always been curious. After burning one too many batches of simple cookies I tend to shy away from the oven.
I have brown hair. It is very common in human beings.\nSame here, brown hair is super common too.\nThat's what I said, haha. I wish I had red hair. I think it looks really cool.
My favorite color is red. It is a primary color in the RGB color model!\nMy favorite color is orange. It derives from the color red and yellow.\nNeat! Orange is nice! Color even influences perceptions such as the taste of food!\nYes it does indeed. Yellow is a major color used in Fast food logos and packaging. \n Yes! And red is associated with the color to planet Mars! This happens from iron oxide!\nI live in Oklahoma and our dirt is Red. It causes white clothes to stain if you go swimming in the lakes or rivers
Hi there, I love showers. Some showers are even outdoors!\nShowering is the first thing I do in the morning. I've never showered outdoors, though.
Hello, do you really have purple hair?\nNo but I like hair dyeing.\nI see, are you a hair stylist? Or is it just something you enjoy doing?\nI am a hairdresser that does hair coloring.\nOh that sounds neat, how long have you been doing that? Did you go to school? \nI studied cometology in school. It is beauty treatment.\nYes it is. I have a cousin who is also a hairdresser. She seems to like her job. Do you think more people get their hair dyed these days than compared to let's say, 20 years ago?\nYes because there are lot more beauty salons such as spas.\nI honestly can't stand people with very bright and oddly colored hair, IE blue, purple, pink, green. It just seems like it's a sad way of saying look at me, I'm special. How do you feel about it?
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and the ability to perform sports, occupations and everyday activities.\nYes, are you into physical fitness?
Chronic fatigue syndrom is diagnosed based on a person's symptoms.\nDo you have chronic fatigue syndrome? What are the symptoms? Sometimes I feel like I might have it.\nNo I don't have it, but different agencies and scientific bodies produced different definitions\nSo what kind of things are they saying defines chronic fatigue syndrome?
Do you ever enjoy listening to gospel music?\nI listen to a bit of Christian music, but I don't really like the genre of Gospel music. I prefer Christian music with a more popular genre.\nI like that too. For me, even though I was not raised in an African American church tradition, I still enjoy the sound of gospel as a departure from what I grew up with. \nI prefer R&B style. Funny enough, gospel music is one of the roots of R&B music. I guess I like the combination.\nDo you have a favorite R&B artist?\nI think my favorite would have to be Toni Braxton. I love her voice, her style, and most of her songs.\nI have heard of her but don't know many of her songs.  I will check her out! Has she put out any albums recently?
I love pasta! It's a staple food in Italy and it dates back to 1154 in Sicily!\nNice! I love it too! I favorite is gnocchi made from potatoes. \nAh yeah, you can also make pasta from rice instead of wheat\nReally? I didn't know that. Do you know how many types of pasta there are?\nThere are about 310 different shapes of pasta\nWhat?! That's crazy, it's so many. Is there a reason for all the different shapes? Do they all taste the same?
I would love to visit Niagara Falls. Have you ever seen it in person before?\nHave you ever been to Niagra Falls, either the Canadian side, or the American side?\nNo, I have a friend that lives nearby though that I've been meaning to visit. He just said that it is really breathtaking.\nI live in Buffalo, so it is very close by, and I have hiked the Niagara Gorge, and seen all the falls.\nYes, my friend has done the Niagara tour many times. The America Falls look so huge!\nThere are three falls, and the Horseshoe Falls is the biggest.  For the best views you should visit both sides of the river.\nHave you actually been on the Skylon Tower? That would be a cool way to overlook the whole area.
Seven is my favorite number!\nMine too! Its been known that since 1977, the muppeteer eric jacobson has been centered as berts performance on sesame street\nI did not know that! Do you know why other people think it's a lucky numbe?\nNot sure! But I know of a charcter named lucky on the show general hospital. the characters name is lucky spencer. cool name, huh?\nThat would be a neat name, does Lucky like the number 7?\nI dont see anything about his favorite number, but i know he wa born in 1985. nothing to do with the number 7 though :/ he was cast in 93 for the show.\nDo you know if there are any shows based on the number 7?
I work at Target, the discount store.\nOh I go there all the time! It's a lot better than most stores honestly.\nYes, the store was founded by George Dayton.\nWho is he exactly? I've never heard of him.\nI do not know much more but the headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota.\nIs that where the first store was too?
Hi, the color red, which is at the end of the visible spectrum of light, is my favorite color. \nI like red too. What other colors do you enjoy?
I have brown hair, my sister says it is the second most common hair in the world\ni have blackish hair\nMost brown hair can vary to a black or dark brown sometimes.\nso what is the most common hair color, black?
I have naturally brown hair, it's the second most common hair color after black\nBrown hair is lovely! I didn't realize it was that popular! Are there a lot of shades of brown hair?\nThere are, it varies from light brown to almost black. Mine is closer to almost black so it makes it hard for me to change my color up without bleaching it.\nMine is a more like a dark blonde. I've always wanted to dye my hair brown though!
I really enjoy exercising and physical fitness.  Do you work out?\nI do work out! And it helps me feel great through proper nutrition, moderate-vigorous physical exercise, and sufficient rest.\nHow often should I work out?\nYou should work out quite often, but not every day - it'll boost the immune system and helps prevent things sush as  as coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and obesity.\nThat is definitely a plus.  Why should I not work out every day?  Would it be bad for me?
I enjoy jazz music. My love for jazz started way back in middle school when I played trombone in my school's Jazz Band.
What color is your hair? \nMy hair is brown, the second most common hair color.\nWhat is the first most common hair color and what is the third? \nBlack is the most common hair color and I am not sure about the third, probably blonde.\nWhat causes people to have different hair color? 
jazz music is a very interesting sound and interesting genre. what can you tell me about it\nI like jazz too. It originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the late 19th and 20th centuries\nawesome im from there. i basically invented jazz then. but anyways where is jazz famous like countries?\nIt is popular around the world. As it spread across the globe, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, giving rise to many distinctive styles\nJazz\nIt's been hailed as "one of America's original art forms"\ninteresting. who is a famous jazz artist?\nMiles Davis is one of the most famous Jazz musicians. As a jazz artist, Davis' music is characterized by swing and blue notes, polyrhythms and improvisation\nawesome! what else can you tellme a lot of people dont know about the genre?
Sobriety is an issue that is difficult for many individuals.\nWold you like to know the definition of sobriety?\nYes, please tell me the definition.\nthe condition of not having effects from alcohol. It is the state of being sober.\nYes, I believe that staying sober is difficult for many people.
Do you enjoy Jazz which is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans. It developed from blues and ragtime. \nI love Jazz music. Its my favorite kind of music who is your favorite Jazz musician?\nI'm not that familiar with Jazz but I know it is viewed by many people as 'America's Classic Music' and has a large following. Who is your favorite artist?\nMy favorite jazz artist would have to be the early pioneer to the art form, Scott Joplin.\nHe was famous for his compositions in ragtime and was called the "King of Ragtime" which indicates his success!\nYeah! If your not a fan of classical jazz music, what is your favorite genre of music?
I have brown hair, but it's pretty light. So light that sometimes under the right lighting it looks blond!\nWell, brown hair certainly varies from blond to almost black: which is what mine was until I turned gray!\nIs it weird that I'm a little jealous? I mean, I don't want to go full grey yet, but I'm about to be 30 and I'm hoping for some nice salt & pepper in the beard soon.\nApparently levels of melanin can cause hair color to change.  Hopefully you will get some "unpigmented hair" in your beard!\nI'm a little bit more worried about the pigmentation on my skin. Feeling pretty pale. I need to spend some more time outside.\nYes my son is fair complexioned as well, and has light skin.  He either burns or stays Casper.\nThat's me too! I wonder if having brown hair somehow makes you more likely to have trouble tanning.
Red is my favorite color and it varies from scarlet to crimson and can vary in shade from red pink to burgundy.\nIt reminds me of Chinese New Year, Christmas, and Valentine's Day.
Hi there! Do you know  the colour at the end of the visible spectrum of light? \nNo i dont actually?\nIts red!next to orange and opposite violet\nInteresting.  Violet is officially my favourite colour.  What about you?\nRed Is mine like I said earlier.Violet is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light \nFascinating. So that means that red has the longest wavelengh and can be seen the furthest. Is that correct?
greetings, i enjoys kayaking in my free time\nI think kayaking is fun too! It is one of the many common activities that involve water.\nits a fun way to enjoy and participate in sports\nYes and there are many water sports. Some are underwater, over water, or in the water. \nI like  the over the water sports, do not like being in the water\nI love underwater sports. Scuba-diving is my favorite. There is something so magical about being able to descend below the water's surface to interact with the environment.\nnever tried it but it does sound appealing, just never had the chance to do it
jazz music is a very interesting sound and interesting genre. what can you tell me about it
Hi, I love Jazz, which is a music genre that originated in the African-American \nThat is amazing, since when have this type of music been in existence 
My dad is a huge fan of showtime networks but i dont even remember what type of content they produce. Do you?\nShowtime programming primarily includes theatrically released motion pictures and original television series.\nohh gotcha. When did showtime get its start?\nThe company was established in 1963 as Showtime/The Movie Channel Inc.\nThe movies channel lol. What a fitting name. What are some popular showtime shows?\nI don't remember but the showtime brand is used by a number of channels around the world but primarily refers to the group of 8 channels in U.S.\nOh wow they have 8 channels? They are really something. What else is intersting about showtime?
Dog biscuit is a snack  that is used as a supplement for dogs\nI give my dogs biscuit sometimes. How healthy are dog treats though? \nJudging by the fact that they are always well made, and  tend to be hard and dry, I would say they are healthy\nI guess that makes sense. What other supplements exist to give to your dog? \nI'm not too sure but I like dog biscuits because  they come in a flat bone-shape.\nYes the little bone shape is actually pretty cute. My dog gets so excited to get them. What are dog biscuits even made of though?
I am originally from Venezuela and everyone there has dark hair, ive been blessed with brown hair! what color is your hair?\nMy hair is gray.  It use to be brown, but I am older now.\nOh thats cool! so its a good thing that you still have hair, that is one of my worst fears to lose my hair\nI was blessed with very think hair.  Is your hair thick?\nYes it is very thick thanks be to god! im scared because in Venezuela 60% of the people is bold by the age of 30, it must be the way they eat!\nBrown hair is a very common hair color.  Is your hair long?\nYes it is common, im thinking on letting it grow but it is not socially acceptable in most places like middle east, so i have to be carefull traveling there
I really enjoy baking.  I actually used to work in a bakery when I was in college\nI love baking but I'm just a beginner.  What do you like to bake?\nI really like baking croissants.  They are layered with butter, rolled, and placed on a sheet.\nThat sounds kind of difficult.  What about Macaroons?
I like baking food items.  The most common type of item backed is bread. Do you know anything about baking? \nYes I bake cookies for my kids. I usually use the oven.
I plan on going to San Diego Comic-Con next year.\nVery cool!  Comic Con is an entertainment and comic convention held every year in San Diego, Ca.\nDo you know how long the event lasts?\nIt is a 4 day long event from Thursday to Sunday.\nWow, i'm going to have to pack a lot of outfits then. Who founded the event?
Ive been driving a ferrari for 28 years, Some call me the Ferrari expert, anything youd like to know about them? \nWhat's the price range on those bad boys?
Do you like red, it's my favorite color!\nI do like it red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum, it is opposite of violet\nIt's just before infrared right?\nyes it has a 625-740 wavelength\nIt's interesting that we can assign numerical values to colors.
I love comic cons. The san diego one is a really fun annual event.\nWow, they look like a lot of fun\nyeah I think so. its international and mult-genre\nOK. so what else can you tell me about comic cons.  I go to the one in Pittsburgh sometimes. 
I love being physical fit and exercising. I try to keep my body toned.\ni love physical exersise! I love fitness in general. feels good to be fit and healthy\nI agree. It helps you be mentally fit and self confidence and a sense of happiness. I live lifting weights.
I like to bake...especially bread.  Do you bake?\nYes, I bake from time to time, usally bread.\nHave you seen The Great British Bake Off, the show were ten home bakers compete to be crowned the best amateur baker?\nNo, on which channel the show is broadcast?
I am not a big fan of Superman, but I do like Supergirl.
Clowns have a long tradition of using lots of variety in their costumes\nI'm not sure how I really feel about clowns. I never thought about it much until the media started making them scary.\nI saw "It" and I'm pretty sure how I feel about clowns.\nI saw that plus the remake and the remake makes clowns a lot more scarier. I'm surprised they still have them in the circus.
Hey there, what is your favorite band?  I love rock and Roll or better known as Rock 'n' roll best,!\nHi, my favorite band is U2.  How about you?
I used to have quite the issue with overeating, especially since I had no idea how much calories were in certain foods.\nI know what you mean. Certain foods can be addicting too. and that is the compulsive consumption of a high fat and high sugar food or foods which activate a reward center in the brain\nYeah, they're so much easier to access than before since sweet foods are thought of by the body as occasional treats.\nCompulsive over eaters depend too much on food to comfort themselves when they are stressed or depressed. \nYeah, it seems to occasionally be linked to things like depression as well.
I am so scared of clowns. What can you tell me about them?
I don't do Alcohol because of my religious beliefs.Sobriety\nI am sober too, not for religious reasons. I just prefer to not have any measurable levels or effects from alcohol.\nSo what is alcohol made of?\nAlcohol is a psychoactive substance that is the active ingredient in beer, wine, and hard liquor. The chemical name is ethanol.\nYou mean ethanol is the reason why one gets drunk?
Do you have brown hair? I think it is a very common hair color.\nI do have brown hair, but it's almost black. Brown hair is the second most common hair of all the coors actually.\nThat's interesting. It must be a dominant gene trait then since so many people have it!\nIt trusly must be. It's crazy though that brown hair varies so much. It goes from light to almost black\nYes, I like how there are so many varieties of brown from red tints to black. Mine tends to be more mousey brown, so I like to lighten it.\nYes, it's great that brown hair is actually more common in the western parts of the world.\nI could see that, so it must have a base from European heritage then.\nI do know it is a bit in Scotland because they call it "brun"\nHow cool! Actually I guess a lot of Europeans have darker features like brown hair color and brown eyes.
I have brown hair unlike my sister who is blonde\nI also have a dark brown hair. Brown hair is actually the second most common color, of black being first.\nyes.  it is strange - I wonder where red hair comes from\nBrown hair is this shade due to having high levels of the dark pigment eumelanin, and lower levels of the light pigment pheomelanin.\nYes it is interesting how certain countries tend to have more of certain hair colors
I love going on wine tasting tours in the Niagara region
Do you like Jazz music?
Hi, I love Italian cuisine, especially pasta!\nDo you like Marinara sauce or Alfredo?\nYes, especially the ones made with onions.\nWhat about meat?\nYes, but it has to clean, cultured meat. \nDo you like meatballs in your pasta?
Ferrari are italian sports cars.\nI love Ferraris, they are really beautiful sports cars.\nYea they were founded by enzo ferrari in 1939\nWow that is so long ago, I haven't seen any that old before.\nEnzo ferrari founded in out of alfa romeos models\nI haven't heard much or seen many of Alfa Romeo's cars honestly.\nThey werent recognized as a auto manufacturer till 1947 tho\nWow it took that long to recognize them? That's surprising,
Snoop real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus, Jr.\nHey Snoop, nice to meet you. I'm Jazzzzy. Real name Jasmine.\nAhhh I am not Snoop... lol I am talking about Snoop Dogg!  He is a music artist and performer that came out in 1992 with Dr. Dre on DEEP COVER and THE CHRONIC \nAhhhh! lol, my bad. Didn't get the 411 on the convo. So wasn't sure what wuz up. Yeah, Snoop Dogg's interesting. Been around a while. I saw him in one of the Pitch Perfect movies.\nHe is an alright actor, not the best lol But he did sell 23 million records in US and 35 around the world\nYeah, agree! And very cool to sell so many records. Not really my genre. But cool anyway. Are you a fan then?\nBack in my earlier days maybe but not now.  You heard of "Gin & Juice"?\nNope, who are they?
Have you ever swam with a manta ray? I saw some while snorkeling once.
I know that luxury cars are a hot topic, but if I had to choose my favorite brand, it would have to be Ferrari.\nThe Ferrari, Italian sports car based in Maranello, is an awesome car!\nIt really is! I think I heard somewhere that Ferrari has been around for a long time, but I forget. Did they start out as a car company, or as something else?
I'm thinking about coloring my hair purple. \nThat sounds cool. Is it to cover up grey or white hair?\nYes, I'd like to hide my greys in a fun way. Is there anything I should know beforehand?\nWell you can do it yourself, or you can go to a professional hairdresser.\nI think I'd rather leave it to professionals! Do you know what hair coloring is made of?
My dream job that I was able to land is a baker. \nAre you running your own bakery or do you work at another bakery\nI run my own bakery so I can work with the homeless as well.\nThat's awesome! What kind of goods do you bake?\nMostly gluten free bread and sweets. \nWhat makes gluten different from the regulars? Taste wise\nIt is a texture issue and most of the food doesn't taste good. 
My favorite food is pasta, its the staple of traditional italian cuisine, i like carbonara the most\nI love pasta, what is Carbonara, is it the type of noodle itself?
I am a baker.  I am okay at it but not the best.\nThe place where a baker works is called a bakery and my dad used to own one as well, what kind of stuff do you like baking\nI enjoy baking bread, cakes and cookies.\nI really enjoy baking because,  As heat travels through, it transforms batters and doughs into baked goods wich is really fun to watch\nIt really is an art as much as it is a science.
I would love to take a wine tasting course.\nWine tasting has been around since the 14th century.  I really love wine so a wine tasting course would be fun.\nI love wine too!  I remember doing some wine tasting when I visited Napa, but I would like to learn more about different wines\nOne of my favorite types of wine is cabernet sauvignon.  Which is one of the most popular and recognized red varietals.\nWhat about Merlot?, could you tell me what is different about it?\nMerlot is deemed to be "softer" and "fleshy" than cabernet which is usually smokier and deeper.\nWhat about the whites what is the difference between a Pinot Griggio and a Sauvignon?\nI'm not too versed on whites.  I do know that another popular variety of red is pinot noir, and the grapes are grown in cooler locations.\nI have also heard about Tempranillo, even when I haven't tried it?  What do you think about it?
I like going to comedy clubs such as Carolines on Broadway. It is one of the most famous comedy clubs. Do you like comedy clubs? \nI have only been to one but I loved it\nI like that stand-up comedy is just a comedian reciting stories in a monologue. \nOh ok is that like open mic night or different?\nAn open mic is different. Open mic is where audience members get up and try material. \nOh so just random people I bet they are not as good as the pros\nYeah they are usually amateur performers. \nI wonder what comedians make per show?
I love Jazz, I was born in the birthplace of Jazz, New Orleans !\nYes! Jazz is 'America's Classical Music' Specifically I like Nat King Cole, who do you like?\nYes, Nat King Cole, and Natalie Cole. I also Love Louis Armstrong... Ertha Kitt sang a nice verbato in her day as well. \nYes! Do you have any favorite songs? I like "Nature Boy"\nanita baker giving you the best i got\nNeat! I have never heard Anita Baker, but I know that her career spanned 1983-2002\nyes indeed. How do you feel about the Musical "All that Jazz?"
Do you know anything about the car brand Ferrari?
7 is my favorite number, It is a natural number.\nI like the number 7 too!  I always bet on it at the casino!\nDo you play Roulette? Roulette on French mean "little wheel".\nYes, I do!  I think it's an awesome game and I play it every time I go to the casino!\n the sum of all the numbers on the roulette wheel is 666. That is interesting. \nWow, I didn't know that!  That's not very lucky!  Reminds me of the Devil!
I enjoy jazz music, or "America's classical music" as some like to call it. Do you like jazz?\nI do like Jazz. I think Billie Holiday and The Rippingtons are great!\nOh yes, Billie Holiday, or Lady Day as her friend used to call her. She was a legend for sure!\nYes Lady Day! I really liked a lot of her songs.
I am really scared of Manta ray's since i say it killed the crocodile hunter
I love to read fiction how about you?\nyes i love the classification for any story or setting that is derived from imagination of the author!\nYeah some are really good! do you have a favorite?
I have brown hair.\nNeat! Do you like it? Is it natural or did you dye it? \nIt is natural, it is the second most common hair color.\nNeat! I personally have blonde hair..What is the most common har color?
I love Manta rays! They have a large sub species called M. birostris",\nOh yeah. I love watching the manta ray videos where people are feeding them and they flap their fins/wings for attention. So cute.\nYeah they Both have triangular pectoral fins!\nBoth, as in male and female or multiple species?
I am so into the practice of changing my hair color! this time i have it purple, are you adventorous enogh to try purple hair>\nI wish I was! Maybe some purple sections! I love changing my hair color too though. What other colors have you tried?\nWell not to many because i do it with a professional hairdresser! so its very expensive, i had it red and orange before\nOh, yes. It can be very expensive to go to a professional. I tend to do my own! Red and orange are both fun! What else do you know about hair color? Is it damaging to your hair?
hey do you know much about Niagara Falls?\nI've actually visited Niagara Falls. It's three waterfalls between USA and Canada.\nOh thats cool, what state/area is it in?\nIt borders the city of Buffalo-Niagara Falls, NY, USA and Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.\noh wow didnt know it was i/next to new york, how long has it been an attraction?\nIt's a natural attraction, so it's been around before people settled there.\nhow many people visit it? is it really popular?\nAccording to the sources provided, there are peak tourists times at Niagara Falls.\ncool, well thanks for the info.
Red is such a beautiful color, it sits next to orange and opposite of violet on the rainbow\nwhat makes red red?\nWell red red the dish is made of fish and blackeyed peas and onions and oil and tomatoes. \nwhen did the word first appear in history?
What do you think of harley-davidson motorcycles?\nWell I have not been around since they were founded in 1903, but since they seem to be a good company.\nHave you ever ridden a motorcycle before? I have a motorcycle, but it's not a harley-davidson.\nNo, I have never ridden one. But I do love riding bicycles. The motorcycle originally came from bicycles.\nThat's so cool. I didn't know that. What kind of bicycle do you ride? \nWell I just have a street bike, but I would love to try mountain biking which focuses on off-road and rough terrain.\nIt sounds hard to do mountain biking, but I think I would still try it. My friend likes to mountain bike in Colorado.
I have a personal vendetta against all stingrays and manta rays for what they did to my boy Steve Irwin.\nYeah I was deep sea fishing and it took almost 30 minutes for me to reel one in because they are so strong.
I love christmas! speccially because my favorite color Red is everywhere you go!, do you like the color red?\nYes I love red as well it is a very vibrant dominant color and has a wavelength of 625-740. I love the color for Christmas as well and Valentines Day.\nYes it is! also i see the color red as It attracts attention more than any other color, at times signifying danger.
I have a confession; I color my hair to cover the gray that keeps popping up.\nHow old are you? That's fair, I'd probably do the same.\nI'm 47, so with age comes increasing gray, I know.  However, I am very young at heart.\nAge is just a number, my friend. Your body just wants to tell you otherwise.\nI'm just going to say it; I like you.  You seem very wise and practical.\nWhy thank you. I'm not old enough to be wise though, honestly haha.\nAge has little to do with wisdom.  Thoreau discussed the error of respecting the aged, just because they were older.  Wisdom can manifest itself in anyone.\nThat's very interesting, I'd like to think that I have a fair amount of it then/
I do not have much energy\nAre you having trouble carrying out normal daily routines?  Could be chronic fatigue syndrome.\nI am thinking so, maybe i need to see a doctor on this\nIt isn't something that can be cured, but chronic fatigue syndrome can be managed.\nHow can i manage it\nEither use cognitive behavioral therapy, or start exercising more.  Or both.\ni will try and do both. But what is the cause of this\nNobody knows yet, man.  I'm sorry.  Some scientists think it's biological or genetic, and some think it's psychologically based.  \nI think mine is psychologically based.
Hi there! This is a funny question but what is your favorite number? Mine is 7 which is the natural number following 6 and right before 8\nMine happens to be 7 as well! Many seems to associate 7 as being a lucky number.
Snoop dog is my idol, he is my favorite artist in the world.\nYou are right, he is multitalented, he is not only a rapper, he is also an actor and a record producer.\nyeah and he really supports weed which in my opinion is pretty nice, do you know when he was born?
I once saw a Manta Ray at the beach and swam right next to it!\nManta Rays are very extraordinary creatures with their triangular pectoral. I hope one day I will finally go scuba diving and swim along one too\nI heard Manta Rays were dangerous, is that true?\nI have not heard such thing and don't really think it has any basis. There are some who even use manta ray night dive during scuba diving\nI see, I always thouht they were. Now that I know I know I'd like to learn more about them.\nIn fact I was afraid of Manta Rays, but after reading The "Warriors" which is a novel by Erin Hunter, i found myself more courageous and bold to face my fears. Highly recommend it\nThank you for your recommendation. I'll definitely check it out.  \nAlong reading the novel, for having more smooth and adventurous experience, i think you may find Mobile Orchestra studio album very enjoyable to listen\nExcellent thanks again. You seem to have a lot of insight on Novels and sea life such as Manta Rays. Are you a professor?
I like brown hair
How did the idea of dog biscuit come about?\n"Dog bread" as it was called was already mentioned since the Roman, so they have been around forever\nWow so it has been around for hundreds of years!\nAt least nowadays, dog biscuits tend to be hard and dry, manufacturers claim that is to keep dog teeth clean.\nhow can they get?\nChewing dry hatd thing can clean the teeth somehow.  Dog biscuit usually are sold in a flat bone shape.\nWhat is a dog biscuit usually made up of?
I'm not very religious so I don't know a lot about gospel music, can you tell me anything about that style?\nOf course! I'd love to, I'm a huge fan of gospel music! It's known for its dominant vocals, strong use of harmony and Christian lyrics. It's really beautiful music.\nThat does sound powerful just reading about it, does it have a long history?\nIt does, but it's not well documented. The earliest use of the term "gospel song" was first published in 1874.\nOh I would imagine it's probably older than that given the history of churches I guess. Are there any famous gospel artists I should know about?
Hey, I like to stay fit. Do you exercise?\nNo i don't In fact i tried to wash my car this morning and had to stop because i was so out of breath.  If physical fitness is the state of well being, i am just the opposite.\nInteresting. That's too bad. Do you know much about fitness? I haven't been doing it long, and would love to learn more. \nThere's not much to know: eat well, get a lot of exercise  and sleep.\nDo you know when people started to be conscious of staying fit? I know there were Roman Gladiators.   
Ferrari makes really great looking cars.\nYes, and they are powerful.  In 2014, Ferrari was rated the most powerful car.\nThat's something I never knew. I would love to own one some day.\nThe 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO was the most expensive car ever sold.  It was sold privately in 2012.\nI'm sure I'll never be able to afford such a car but I can definitely dream about it.
I have only dyed my hair once. nothing permanent a rinse really. WOuld you dye your hair\nyes I have but the reason was  to cover my white  hair\nI love seeing silvery white hair. My kids laugh at me because I have two strands and I brush my hair to make sure they show. LOL. What color did you use?\nI used black because my hair used to be all black but now it's all white and im barely 45 years old. My hairdresser does  a good job of coloring it for me once every 2 months \nOk. What do you think about using colors like purple or pink, which are not natural hair colors?
I recently saved my money and bought a Ferrari! It's an italian sports car.\nOh wow! I bet that is nice. What color is it?\nIt's fire engine red! Ferrari was actually named the most powerful brand in 2014.\nWhat else can you tell me about the brand?
Chronic fatigue syndrom is diagnosed based on a person's symptoms.\nDo you have chronic fatigue syndrome? What are the symptoms? Sometimes I feel like I might have it.
Have you ever been to a wine tasting?\nno, not really a fan of wine, but my wife loves wine.
I swam with manta ray. Manta rays are known to be a  large rays belonging to genus "Manta"\ni caught a manta ray when i was deep sea fishing one time
I have brown hair which is the second most common hair color.\nMine is more dirty blond - I wish it were either darker or lighter LOL!  And who came up with the term dirty blond, sounds well dirty LOL!\nBrown hair strands are thicker than blonde but red hair strands are the thickest. \nI had no idea that the strands of different colored hair vary in thickness - I wonder why that is, do you know?\nI have no idea but thought it was interesting as well\nIt is - I wonder if it changes when the hair is dyed - or only if that's your natural color.  I've tried to dye mine red before but red hair dye fades super fast.\nPeople call brown hair brunettes which comes from the french word brun.\nMy daughter is a brunette - it's a very pretty color.
Red is such a pretty color, don't you think?\nI like that its wavelenght is 625-740 nanometres.\nOh wow! That's a new one for me! How many different shades are there?
My dog loves dog bisquits. I give them to her throughout the day. They are the hard and dry type. \nAwww! That's cute! Do you give them to her as a reward for doing something specific, like a trick?
I can't go more than a day and a half without taking a shower. Thank goodness for nature giving us the idea for showers, through waterfalls!\nWhen did we make the first shower?\nThe ancient greeks are the earlier known "modern type" shower users. before that it was pouring buckets on your head LOL.\nWhat are modern showers usually made of?\nBesides the shower head that sprays water. The real MVP of showers are the aqueducts and sewage systems leading back to the greeks that I mentioned above. The pipes (lead in the greek days) that pump water in and out to the shower are really what make the shower possible \nIt seems that the Greeks really pushed the shower forward into the future.
Pasta is so good, a staple of italian cuisine\nI love pasta so much so I agree.\nyea pasta is a italian staple because it is so good and simple\nThat makes a lot of sense to me.
I am so scared of clowns. What can you tell me about them?\nWell, they're just comic performers who use slapstick comedy. Not really much to be afraid of to be honest.\nMaybe it is the movie It that caused my fears.
I do not have much energy\nAre you having trouble carrying out normal daily routines?  Could be chronic fatigue syndrome.\nI am thinking so, maybe i need to see a doctor on this\nIt isn't something that can be cured, but chronic fatigue syndrome can be managed.\nHow can i manage it\nEither use cognitive behavioral therapy, or start exercising more.  Or both.\ni will try and do both. But what is the cause of this
I would love to drive a Ferrari\nsame here i love the ferrari.  Recently i found out the Ferrari is an italian sports car?\nI actually didnt know that I wonder when the 1st one was made\nIt was first founded in 1939 the first car was built in 1940 though\ndo you know if  they still build them today\nYes from what i know they still make ferrari cars.  In 2014 actually they were rated the worlds most powerful brand\noh wow interesting, do they still make them in Italy
san diego comic con became this huge thing that's held annually\nWhat exactly is it for?\nso it focuses on multiple genres of entertainment, like movies and tv\nIs it all movies and TV or just certain genres?
Red is for me a primary choice of color. It reminds me to be careful and attentive\nRed is a neat color. Blue is my favorite because I like the sky.\nWhat I like about red is that it has dominant wavelength. Blue mainly indicates calmness and rest\nWhat is a dominant wavelength?
I love wine tastings, what about you?
How did the idea of dog biscuit come about?\n"Dog bread" as it was called was already mentioned since the Roman, so they have been around forever\nWow so it has been around for hundreds of years!\nAt least nowadays, dog biscuits tend to be hard and dry, manufacturers claim that is to keep dog teeth clean.\nhow can they get?\nChewing dry hatd thing can clean the teeth somehow.  Dog biscuit usually are sold in a flat bone shape.\nWhat is a dog biscuit usually made up of?\nit varies, but those mentioned since forever were  usually made from bran.\nThanks for enlightening me about dog biscuit
Do you have a bad habit of overeating? I do on occasion.\nYeah sometimes I have a habit of overeating which I assume it should be an eating disorder. What's your idea?\nI tend to eat a lot whenever I am stressed out, or when I am at a buffet or a place that serves a lot of food. I try to eat slowly to help with that.\nBinge eating disorder (BED) is a severe, life-threatening, and treatable eating disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of eating large quantities of food (often very quickly and to the point of discomfort).\nMaybe I have that. There are times I probably eat 8000 calories at once!\nAs a chemist I believe if food addiction. Many individuals, food can become as addictive as drugs are to a substance abuser.\nThat's true. It gives you the same pleasurable feelings as drugs or addictive behaviors like making love and gambling do.
Red color is my favourite and bright color also\nI like red but is not my favorite 
I love taking showers! I do not know how I would live without the modern showers. In ancient times people would pour jugs of cold water over themselves and consider that a shower\nIt would be like living in the stone age.  WHen were showers first invented?\nWell that is hard to determine because original showers were neither indoor structures of man-made, they were actually formed by natural things in nature such as waterfalls. \nWhen did modern showers become common
Hey there! Let talk about numbers,, mine is 7,how about your?\nWhy should we talk about numbers. My favorite number is 4\nYeah ,cos numbers is applies to various aspects of our lives ,like team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number,etc  \nI see. Do you know anything about roman numerals \nYeah! Numbers in this system are represented by combinations of letters .its a Latin alphabet\nI see. is there any other counting system other than Arabic and roman numerals. 
jazz music genre originated in the african -american communities of new orleans\nI love jazz and going to jazz festivals do you?
hello, i like spicy food .\nI do too especially chili peppers. They're widely used in many different types of food to add spiciness.\nis chili pepper a specific pepper or is it a general term for all peppers\nIt's a specific pepper originated in Mexico\nthat make sense\nYou'd think Dr Pepper was spicy since it has pepper in the name but is has a different unique flavor.\nyou know I never thought about that, there should be a spicy soda
Are you aware of the increasing risk of obesity\nYes, obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases like cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, certain types of cancer, osteoarthritis and depression.\nYes it is horible and the SAD( standard american diet) is a huge contribitor\nIt also crazy how its only in developed countries. \nI agree I think it could be the level of comfort and lack of physical labor?
My friend has chronic fatigue syndrome.  Its sad\nI can understand tha this is devastating because it limits your ability to perform everyday functions.\nYes.  He has a lot of trouble doing even everyday things in life\nIt can be biological or infections or genetic. Tests must be performed to find out the cause.\nI did not know it had so many causes\nThe ultimate diagnosis is based on a person's symptoms.\nThat is interesting.  Can they just treat an infection for it?
I would love to drive a Ferrari\nsame here i love the ferrari.  Recently i found out the Ferrari is an italian sports car?\nI actually didnt know that I wonder when the 1st one was made\nIt was first founded in 1939 the first car was built in 1940 though\ndo you know if  they still build them today
Seven's my favorite number, because everyone says it's a lucky number.. but why do they say that! What's the history behind 7\n Well is the natural number following 6 and preceding 8.\nOf course... but is there more about it? Why has it been seen as somewhat of a special number throughout history? Anything interesting about it?\nWell I have heard In the beginning, various Hindus wrote 7 more or less in one stroke as a curve that looks like an uppercase J\nAlright, interesting. Some history there. What else is a fun fact about it?\nWell in school I learned Both modern Arab forms influenced the European form, a two-stroke character consisting of a horizontal upper line joined at its right to a line going down to the bottom left corner,\nOh, that's pretty cool. What's another fact the common person might not know?
Hi! I love baking. Do you bake? Do you know much about the history of baking? \nI used to do quite a bit of baking, but I ended up eating too many of my goods!\nI got more into baking after watching the Great British Bake Off. I loved seeing the different challenges and guessing who would be eliminated. \nI never got into competitive cooking shows. There is too much put on the judges. I want to taste them myself.\nThe Great British Bake Off is very different from american cooking shows. It's all really friendly, there isn't any drama. \nI will have to check that out. Is it on a streaming service like Netflix?
Do you like pasta? It's an Italian dish used in Sicily in 1154.\nUnfortunately not. I'm more of a hamburger kind of guy. \nYou should try dried or fresh pasta. They're known as pasta secca and pasta fresca.\nAh, I didn't know that. I do like pasta in white wine sauce. \nIf you have a gluten intolerance, you can make pasta with rice flour instead of wheat. That's what I do.\nAh, I don't. I think my main problem is that most pasta dishes use tomato sauce which I dislike  \nTomato sauce is used a lot in pasta, that's true, and also with meat and veggies. I don't like it much either.\nI like ketchup haha! Just not tomatoes which is a little weird. 
My younger daughter hair once had blue hair! She loved it!\nI also enjoy the practice of changing my hair color. Currently my hair is red and gray and the rest of my body hair purple. \nYour hair stylist must have taken a lot of time to accomplish all those colors!\nMost people dye their hair to hide gray. I did it to hide my blonde hair. \nMy daughter did it just for the fun of it! lol I dye mine to color the grey for sure!
It's time for me to stop being such a wuss. I need to build up my tolerance to spice. I want to use some chili peppers in food. Teach me about them\nMaybe you should learn some Mexican food recipes! Chili peppers actually originated in Mexico. \nAh.. makes sense. Mexican food is spicy too. What else can you tell me?\nThe substance that gives these peppers their spiciness when eaten is called capsaicin. \nI think I've heard that word dropped around here and there on food shows. Interesting. Can you tell me any popular chili pepper recipes, or what foods they're put in?\nIt is used in a variety of different cuisines! One example is Korean cuisine, where they use gouchujang, which is fermented red chili paste. \nYeah, my girlfriend was born in South Korea.. I swear she just has a natural tolerance for it. That's partly why I want to grow into it and get good with it. What other information can you feed me? This is great.
I have brown hair. It is very common in human beings.\nSame here, brown hair is super common too.\nThat's what I said, haha. I wish I had red hair. I think it looks really cool.\nMy bad haha. I think so too, red hair is not nearly as common as brown or black hair but I wish it was.\nI think red hair is mostly present in northern climates. It is pretty rare where I live.\nI better move there then haha. Also brown hair can really vary in color for light to almost black.\nMine is on the lighter side. The sun makes it look almost blonde at times.
Hai\nhair coloring changes your hair color\nYes\nmain reason people color their hair is to cover grey or white hair\nI am cover with grey color\nhair coloring is either done at home or at salon/professional\nIn salon
I want to be a physician eventually, a medical practitioner.\nThat's good. What will be your duty as a physician?\nI'm not one yet but I training to be one. I'm still deciding on which disease categories, types of patients and methods of treatment I'd like to specialize in.\nOk you are still thinking, but what motivated you?\nI just to be of service to others. I have to work hard though as medical practice properly requires both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines\nYes, it does. You really need to work hard as the training requires detailed knowledge
My favorite color is red. It is at the end of the visible spectrum of light. I love how bright it is.\nI like red as well, it reminds me of pokemon red\nI like Pokemon as well. Red's first big defeat was when he failed to capture Mew.\nYeah, those games were revolutionary, i still go back and play them often
I love Manta rays! They have a large sub species called M. birostris",\nOh yeah. I love watching the manta ray videos where people are feeding them and they flap their fins/wings for attention. So cute.
I have two aunts who are twins. Apparently the US and europe have similar rates of twin birth - 9 to 16 per 1000 lives.\nWow I had no idea the rate was so low, do you know what kind of different twins are possible? I think fraternal is one kind for instance.\nYes, there are a couple of types. There's identical (they develop from on zygote which splits) and Fraternal, which means they develop from separate eggs. Quite fascinating.\nThat is quite cool, science is so fascinating. Do you know more about twin births?\nIn Central Africa there are 18 to 30 sets of twins per 1000 - quite a bit more than we have!\nWow I wonder why the rate is so much higher, does anyone know why?
I have never drank alcohol
I'm thinking of buying a Ferrari - I hear that it's a pretty fast car!\nYeah they are fast! They are italian sports cars and they are based in Maranello!\nAwesome!  How long have they been around?
Baking is such a fun passtime, plus you get baked goods when they're done.\nBaking is a lot of fun, I really like making bread, it's lots of work but well worth it!\nBread is one of my favorite things to bake too!
I think that Superman is my second favorite DC comics superhero.\nYour second favorite? Who is your top favorite?\nMy favorite comic book character from DC is Batman!\nI like Batman too. Much cooler than Superman. Do you like the Batman movies?\nI really do like Batman movies. The Dark Knight is an all-time great. I haven't seen the new Batman vs. Superman movies though.\nI loved Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight. I haven't seen the new ones either. I don't even know who is playing Batman and Superman in them...do you?
I have never been wine tasting but I am really interested in it. What do you know about wine tasting?
I love science fiction movies about extraterrestrial and alien invasion\nThey certainly seem interesting though I don't watch them often, do you have a favorite science fiction movie in particular?\n"War of the Worlds" written by H G Wells and starring Tom Cruise is a favorite!\nOh I think I've heard of it, I'm pretty sure it's famous. Around what time did that movie come out?\nNot sure? Another good one is Invasion of the Body Snatchers from 1959\nThat certainly has an interesting title, it must have interesting special effects since it's so old. Do you know what the plot of War of the Worlds is?\nWar of the Worlds was about aliens invading earth and exterminating humans to take the planet\nWell that makes sense, the title certainly would imply something like that I suppose. Tom Cruise is quite an interesting actor and person, do you know much about scientology?
I'm not a big fan of gospel music but I occasionally hear it on long road trips. \nYea its not my favorite, Gospel music is a type of Christian music\nYeah they used to play it in my youth group a long time ago when i used to go to church. \nOne feature of Gospel music is dominant vocals with Christian lyrics\nOh so it's like when I see those choir ladies singing in movies then?
Red is my favorite color. It is the color of a lot of my favorite things, like strawberries.\nAwesome! Did you also know that Mars is red because of iron oxide?\nWow. I always wondered why.\nYeah! Mars is also the fourth planet from the Sun!\nIt is colder than Earth I imagine. Do you know more about Mars?\nYeah. It's just really cool how similar it is to Earth. The period and seasonal cycles are very similar to Earth's. \nI never knew that Mars had seasons. I bet it gets even colder there in winter though.\nYeah. Pretty cool in my opinion. Anyway, Mars also got it's name from the Roman god of War. \nThat makes sense. I always liked studying the planets growing up in school.
Do uo\nWe are talking about popular music in the 1980s.\nWhat is your favorite 1980s music\nwell, the 1980s saw emergence of dance music and new wave.\nWow, do you love so many of 1980s music's?\nYes, disco became old school \nWhat are the the classes of music's you know
Isn't it crazy that fitness used to refer to your ability to not get tired while doing normal activities?\nWow! I had no idea. Do you know when the current day meaning of fitness originated?\nI think that it was in the 1950's, after World War II.\nNeat! There has been a huge increase in fitness program popularity in the pst couple decades.
JAzz is such pretty music, isn't it?
